[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

: The query exactly as it is written in Google. Keywords can be made up of one
or more words or word elements.

: Position of the domain URL for the keyword inside the organic SERPs. It
related only to the organic (SEO) rankings and not Ads or other Google features
and integrations.

If the ranking changed from the previously calculated value, you will see an
indicator of how many positions it has increased or decreased.

The update frequency depends on the specific keyword. To see when the keyword
details were last updated, click on the eye-icon (second last icon) of the table
and scroll down to “Details”. There you will find the date and hour when of the
last update and the update frequency (daily or monthly).

: Position of the domain URL for the keyword inside the organic SERPs. It
related only to the organic (SEO) rankings and not Ads or other Google features
and integrations.

If the ranking changed from the previously calculated value, you will see an
indicator of how many positions it has increased or decreased.

: The exact URL ranking in Google’s results pages. For AMP results the Toolbox
measures only the virtual URL on the domain-target and not the AMP URL on the
Google servers.

If the result has special integrations such as an image preview or a FAQ
extension, its icon will appear just before the URL. Read more about Google SERP
Features .

: Estimated number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the
chosen country. The Toolbox shows the average monthly traffic (over 12 months)
in order to exclude any seasonal influence.

: This indicator shows the level of competition for the keyword in the organic
Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the
bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword.

: Relative seasonal development of the search volume on a month-by-month basis.
This allows you to quickly understand whether the search volume for the keyword
is higher during specific months.

: Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads if you want a paid click
for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

: These three buttons located at the end of every row will help you get more
data for the corresponding keyword. The first one is a preview of the result in
the Google’s SERPs, including Title and Snippet. The second button is a link to
the ranking history of the domain for the keyword. Finally, the third button is
a link to detailed keyword SERPs, keyword analysis, history, intent, format and
other related information.

: Host (or subdomain) that is ranking in the Google search results pages.

: This value shows the percentage-based visibility for the keyword-competitors,
based on the ranking-keyword-set. If you are evaluating domain A and domain B
has 200% in this column, then domain B is about twice as visible for the
keywords that domain A ranks for in the Top-100.

: Shows a rating (1 to 100) for the user intent Know (detailed knowledge about a
particular topic).

: Shows a rating (1 to 100) for the user intent Know Simple (queries that give a
very specific answer, like a fact, diagram, etc.).

: Shows a rating (1 to 100) for the user intent Visit (search requests in which
the user would like to go to a specific place).

: Shows a rating (1 to 100) for the user intent Website (search requests in
which the user wishes to reach a certain website or page on a website).

: Shows a rating (1 to 100) for the user intent Do (accomplishment of a goal or
engagement in an activity, a purchase, sign-up or download).

: Shows a rating (1 to 100) for the user intent Do (accomplishment of a goal or
engagement in an activity, a purchase, sign-up or download).

: An indicator of how the ranking changed compared to the previous crawl.

: Defines the ranking position for that keyword on the end date. Entries that
are empty do not have a ranking in the Top-100 results on Google.

: Defines the ranking position of the first URL (red) for that keyword on the
date shown as column header.

: Defines the ranking position of the second URL (green) for that keyword on the
date shown as column header.

  * (green): All the domain’s rankings that have improved between Date#1 and Date#2.
  * (red): All the domain’s rankings that have worsened between Date#1 and Date#2.
  * (“NEW”): All the keywords for which the domain didn’t rank within the Top-100 results at Date#1 but is now ranking within the Top-100 on Date#2.
  * (“>100”): All keywords for which the domain ranked within the Top-100 results at Date#1, but is no longer ranking in the Top-100 on Date#2.

: An indicator of how the ranking changed compared to the previous week.

For example: +1 indicates that the domain gained 1 ranking position with this
keyword in comparison to last week.

Absolute change in position between the start and end dates.

The terms which have been found in the domain’s keywords ordered according to
their frequency.

The total amount of keywords that contain that term.

Graphic preview of the Visibility Index graph of the domain.

: Titles that have been shortened from Google with “…” will be marked with a red
cross. On the contrary, Titles which are entirely shown in the Google’s search
results are ticked with a green check-mark.

: Meta-Descriptions that have been shortened from Google with “…” will be marked
with a red cross. On the contrary, Snippet Texts which are entirely shown in the
Google’s search results are ticked with a green check-mark.

: Indicates how many lines the Snippet Text has.

: Results with an Action Menu will be ticked with a green check-mark, while
those that don’t have it with a red cross. See this article for the SERPs
features definitions

: Results with an Mini Sitelinks will be ticked with a green check-mark, while
those that don’t have it with a red cross. See this article for the SERPs
features definitions

: Results with Rating will be ticked with a green check-mark, while those that
don’t have it with a red cross.

: Video Results will be ticked with a green check-mark, while those that don’t
have it with a red cross.

: Recipe Results will be ticked with a green check-mark, while those that don’t
have it with a red cross.

: Forum Results will be ticked with a green check-mark, while those that don’t
have it with a red cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows AdWords, the
result will be ticked with a green check-mark. If not, with a red cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows a Featured
Snippet, the result will be ticked with a green check-mark. If not, with a red
cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows one or more
image boxes, the result will be ticked with a green check-mark. If not, with a
red cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows one or more
news boxes, the result will be ticked with a green check-mark. If not, with a
red cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows a knowledge
graph, the result will be ticked with a green check-mark. If not, with a red
cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows a map
integration, the result will be ticked with a green check-mark. If not, with a
red cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows one or more
Google Shopping integrations, the result will be ticked with a green check-mark.
If not, with a red cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows a direct
answer, the result will be ticked with a green check-mark. If not, with a red
cross.

: Number of keywords for which a question is displayed in the Google search.

: After one click on the button “View domain” to the right of the URL we’ll show
a sidebar which with information about the current Visibility Index (mobile, as
well as desktop) the total number of ranking keywords and the Visibility Index
graph for the last 12 months. If the sidebar is already open, you only need to
hold the mouse over further lines to get the same data for those domains.

Lists in SISTRIX help you group, manage and analyse sets of domains or keywords.
This is especially important for project work such as the analysis of keyword
clusters or of the competitive environment and the regular export of CSV files.

: This value indicates the keyword in your list that generates the most clicks.
You can also see the number of keywords in your list for which this URL ranks in
the top 10 or top 100 search results.

: the number of keywords in your list for which this URL ranks in the top 10
search results.

: the number of keywords in your list for which this URL ranks in the top 100
search results.

: Estimated traffic that can be expected from the first organic position. In
other words, the traffic potential for the best possible ranking for this
keyword.

: Opportunity level of the keyword. The longer the blue bar is, the better
chance the URL has to reach the Top-10 if optimised.

Number of keywords ranking within the Top-10 results (first search result page)
on Google for the examined country. For this evaluation we use the extended
database. Click on the number to go directly to the keywords table.

Number of keywords ranking within the Top-100 results (first 10 search result
pages) on Google for the examined country. For this evaluation we use the
extended database. Click on the number to go directly to the keywords table.

Number of keywords ranking within the Top-10 results (first search result page)
on Google for the examined country. For this evaluation we use the extended
database.

Number of keywords ranking within the Top-100 results (first 10 search result
pages) on Google for the examined country. For this evaluation we use the
extended database.

: The best keyword for the respective URL, which means the keyword that
generates the most organic clicks for this URL. This data is updated about every
five minutes.

: The URL that was ranking on date #1.

: The URL that was ranking on date #2.

: Positionof the domain (or host, directory, URL) you are evaluating for each
ranking keyword.

: Position of the first competitor for each ranking keyword. Entries that are
empty do not have a ranking in the Top-100 results on Google.

: Position of the second competitor for each ranking keyword. Entries that are
empty do not have a ranking in the Top-100 results on Google.

: Position of the third competitor for each ranking keyword. Entries that are
empty do not have a ranking in the Top-100 results on Google.

: Position of the fourth competitor for each ranking keyword. Entries that are
empty do not have a ranking in the Top-100 results on Google.

: Position of the fifth competitor for each ranking keyword. Entries that are
empty do not have a ranking in the Top-100 results on Google.

: Position of the sixth competitor for each ranking keyword. Entries that are
empty do not have a ranking in the Top-100 results on Google.

: Google Snippet (made up of title, URL and meta-description) exactly as it’s
shown in the search results.

: Did Google show other search features or integrations (Ads, News box, etc.)
alongside the organic results? If so, they will be coloured in blue. Hover the
mouse over the icons to see more information.

: Total number of SERP Features found on the result pages for this keyword. (the
analysed domain does not necessarily have to be part of the features) Click on
this button to see more details about the result snippet, the specific features
and the result features.

: Here we show you how each URL contributes to the total visibility of the
domain. The value is based on an evaluation of all ranking keywords in the
extended database. By using the extended database we can provide more
information for domains that have a small Visibility Index.

: Here we show you how each URL contributes to the total visibility of the list.
The value is based on an evaluation of all ranking keywords in the extended
database. By using the extended database we can provide more information for
domains that have a small Visibility Index.

: Visibility of the domain for this keyword set. (Per mille.)

: It shows how strong the domain is compared to the strongest domain in the list
(in %).

: The type of the SERP integrations, sorted according to how often they appear
in the SERPs for the domain’s ranking keyword.

: The different SERP integrations are sorted according to how often they appear
in the SERPs for the domain’s ranking keyword. Near the SERP Feature, you’ll see
the amount of different keywords for which the domain ranks as a numerical and
graphical representation.

: The type of SERP Feature where the domain is ranking for the keyword.

: Select the right keywords and add them to a list by clicking on the menu
“Select action”, right above the first column.

: The Title and the Meta-Description as they are stored on the website.

: The most common variations that exist for the combination of the title and
snippet for this URL in the Google SERPs. We’ll show you the most important
combination first, but you can view other combinations by scrolling.

: Differences in SERP title for the URL. The title as seen in the SERPs on
date#1 is marked in red, while in green you can see the title which was seen in
the search results on date#2.

: The ranking position for that keyword on the start date.

: The ranking position for that keyword on the end date.

: The title shown by Google on the start date.

: The title shown by Google on the the end date.

: The name of the Knowledge Graph entry in Google. Often this is the main
keyword, but sometimes it is not. We use the display name in Google here. In a
few cases, we only show the Google-internal ID of the entry there.

: The keyword of this domain that shows this Knowledge Graph panel with the
highest search volume. Name and Top Keyword are often closely related, but not
always.

: The URL of the analysed domain that shows this Knowledge Graph panel.

: The total number of keywords of this domain (or directory/ hostname) that show
the corresponding Knowledge Graph panel. Clicking on the number takes you
directly to the pre-filtered keyword table.

: A list of keywords for which the Knowledge Graph panel is displayed, but for
which the analysed domain is not currently ranking. It is often worth expanding
the content accordingly.

: average monthly organic traffic for the keyword on Google for the chosen
country.

: competition level for the keyword in the organic Google Index: 0 (low) until
100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to
organically rank for the keyword. .

: relative seasonal development of the search volume on a month-by-month basis.
This allows you to quickly understand whether the search volume for the keyword
is higher during specific months.

: average click price that you would pay on Google Ads if you want a paid click
for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

: The e-mail address of the user. Alongside every name you should use an active,
personal email address. All profiles in an account must use an email addresses
from the same domain name. Please don’t use generic email accounts such as
support, student, etc.

: Real full name and last name of the user.

The admin is the main user of the account. If the selected SISTRIX package
allows additional users, the admin-account can activate, manage and deactivate
profiles.

Normal profiles have access to the same data as the admin-account, but they
can’t manage the permissions of the other users. For specific projects inside
the tool, you can also add external users so that they have access only to those
specific features (for example to an Onpage project).

: Last access date/time of the user in the SISTRIX Toolbox.

: Change the name or the e-mail address of an account.

: Domain name for which the event pin has been set.

: Shows whether the event pin is global or refers to a specific country. To
change these settings click on the last column (“Edit”).

: Change the settings of the event pin (name, description, date, Countries,
etc.).

: Amount of credits used for the download. to find out more about credits in the
Toolbox.

: Domain, host, path or URL added to the list.

: Is the item added to the list a domain, host, path or URL? This information is
useful if you created a list with mixed elements.

: Click on the pencil icon at the end of each row to edit the corresponding
item. If you want to delete one or more items from the list, tick the box at the
left of the “Type” column and select the entries to delete: the option will
appear just above the table.

If the value “Link (from)” contains the word “Onpage” instead of a URL, the
broken link is located in the sitemap of the website.

: The anchor text of the link. Entries that are empty do not have an anchor
text. This can happen when pictures without a title-attribute are used as the
link-anchor.

: Highest Visibility Index value, across all countries, of the linking host and
the corresponding country. This allows you to quickly understand how big the
linking domain is.

: This column shows whether the link is a text link, image link (or both),
301-Redirect, 302-Redirect, Canonical Tag or Meta-Refresh.

: Indicates whether the link has been set as follow (1/ Yes) or nofollow (0/
No), or whether the crawler wasn’t able to detect this (-1/ empty).

: Highest Visibility Index value, across all countries, of the linking domain
and the corresponding country. This allows you to quickly understand how big the
linking domain is.

): Country to which the Visibility Index of the linking domain refers.

: Country to which the Visibility Index of the linking host refers.

: Amount of unique domains which link to the domain.

: Amount of unique hosts (subdomains) which link to the domain.

: Amount of unique IP-addresses which link to the domain.

: Amount of unique class-c networks which link to the domain.

: most recent date on which the link was found. (This is no the date on which
the link was made.)

: Number of links sent from the linking host to the competitor-domain you added.

: First time the technology was discovered for the host.

: Last time the technology was found for the host.

: Value of the link given from the LinkRating crawler according to its
characteristics (“Notes”).

: Specific characteristics of the linking page which affect the value of the
link.

: Is the link placed inside the content or in other parts of the page (footer,
navigation)?

: If the Anchor Text is a money keyword, how much is the average click price
that you would pay on Google Ads for that keyword?

: Is the link contained in a Disavow file? Note that you have to upload a
Disavow file to see this value.

: Number of incoming links of the linking domain.

: Time (in milliseconds) needed from the link to open.

: Exact URL which is ranking in Google’s results pages.

: The main keyword on which the project is based. From this main topic the
planner has collected directly related topic clusters.

: The individual tags given to the project. Hover the mouse over the projects
and click on “Add tags” to add new tags.

The SISTRIX Content Assistant will help you create perfectly optimised content
for your online posts. Based on your keyword-set, and content that is already
successful in Google, you’ll get suggestions that will make it easier, and
quicker to achieve the best possible content.

After important Google updates, relaunches or other changes to the website, you
want to immediately evaluate changes in the rankings and the associated effects
on visibility. With the SERP updates at the push of a button, this is now
possible in SISTRIX. You can see the age of the displayed SERPs next to each
keyword and you can load fresh data by clicking on Update.

: The date on which we checked the SERP updates.

: The number of SERP updates requested by the user. This concerns the update of
keywords in lists or tables, for example.

: The number of SERP update requests that were carried out automatically.

: The sum of manual and automatic SERP requests.

: Name of the Onpage project which has been crawled.

: Number of SERP updates calculated on a daily, weekly or monthly basis. We
calculate 31 SERP updates for daily requests, five for weekly requests and one
for monthly requests.

: Total number of SERP updates performed for you in the current billing period.

: Shows if the crawling has been automatically or manually activated.

: Number of URLs which could be crawled before this specific crawling.

: Number of URLs crawled during this specific project.

: Number of URLs left after the crawling of this project and which can be used
for the next project’s crawling.

: Shows if the crawling was completed regularly, if it was interrupted or if the
number of URL credits was not sufficient to finish it.

: Total number of errors, warnings, or notices found by our SISTRIX crawler for
this project.

: Absolute change in the amount of issues between the last crawl and the one
before.

: Historical development of the absolute changes across the different crawls.

1 Kilobyte = 1,024 Bytes1 Megabyte = 1,024 Kilobytes = 1,048,576 Bytes

: Charset (or Character Set) of the page (for example: UTF-8).

: HTTP-Statuscode shown by the page to the SISTRIX crawler (301, 200, 404, etc.)

: How many clicks away from the project homepage (level 0) is this page in the
project domain.

: Number of internal links found from the crawler on this page.

: Number of external links found from the crawler on this page.

: Shows whether the page has been set as Index (1) or Noindex (0), or whether
the crawler wasn’t able to detect this (-1).

: Shows the AMP page, if present. For AMP results the Toolbox measures only the
virtual URL on the domain-target and not the AMP URL on the Google servers.

[HTML headings: How do they work and why do I need
them?](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/ask-sistrix/onpage-optimisation/html-headings>)

: From which source does the result come from? It can be the Onpage crawler
(“Onpage”), SEO Module, Link Module, Social Module or Search Console.

: This column shows whether the link is internal or external.

: Type of resource (CSS file, JavaScript file or image).

: URL where the resource has been found.

: Number of clicks generated from the URL.

: You can choose between more than 360 Country/language combinations.

: More than 10 000 cities are available for local rankings. While we monitor
search results nationwide, you can use this setting to evaluate local SERPs.

: With an Onpage project you can check desktop, tablet or Smartphone results.

: Here you can choose how often your keywords should be monitored. Depending on
the setting, you will be charged a different amount of keyword credits.

: Besides Google, you can also monitor your rankings on Bing, Yahoo and Yandex.

: Tags help you to organise your keywords. You can also analyse your competitors
according to specific tags and see a project-tag Visibility Index.

: View the keyword details, position history and the SERPs collected for that
keyword.

: SISTRIX will now help you by assigning a URL score to each crawled URL. This
works similarly to Google’s PageRank, but only considers internal links – pages
that are often linked internally have a high URL score. Pages with few internal
links have a low score.

: URLs whose content is very similar to the source-URL.

: Shows whether the page has been set as Index (1) or Noindex (0), or whether
the crawler wasn’t able to detect the Xrobots Tag (-1).

: Shows whether the page has been set as Follow (1) or Nofollow (0), or whether
the crawler wasn’t able to detect the Xrobots Tag (-1).

: Number of URLs or resources found by the Onpage crawler for this issue.

: Check the HTML source code of the URL using the official Nu Html Checker.

: Shows whether the Ad comes from Google Ads or Google Shopping.

: Estimated number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the
chosen country.

: This indicator shows the level of competition for the keyword: 0 (low) until
100 (extremely high).

: Seasonal relative development of the search volume on a monthly scale.

: Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads, if you’d like to get a
paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

: Position of the Ad inside Google’s search results pages (side, above, below).

: Text, link and Display-URL of all Ads we found for the analysed domain,
exactly as they appear in Google’s search results pages.

: Total number of paid keywords for a specific Ad.

Thanks to this option you’ll be able to go back in time and find out how the
paid keywords and the ads of the website developed over the years. If you don’t
choose a date, the Toolbox will show the data for the current week. The keyword
history can vary according to the selected data source (for example, mobile or
desktop data).

: Does the content of the page jump around during its loading? And, if yes, how
far are the elements moved?

Besides the actual values, you can also see their distribution according to
Google’s performance expectations. The green bar shows the percent of users
where the value was considered positive, the yellow bar indicates the values
which need improvement and finally the red bar shows the poor results.

: How quickly the user can interact with the page (milliseconds).

Besides the actual values, you can also see their distribution according to
Google’s performance expectations. The green bar shows the percent of users
where the value was considered positive, the yellow bar indicates the values
which need improvement and finally the red bar shows the poor results.

: How much time passes before the main content of the website is visible to the
user in the browser (milliseconds).

Besides the actual values, you can also see their distribution according to
Google’s performance expectations. The green bar shows the percent of users
where the value was considered positive, the yellow bar indicates the values
which need improvement and finally the red bar shows the poor results.

: Besides Google, you can also monitor your rankings on Bing, Yahoo and Yandex.

: Here you can choose whether keywords should be monitored weekly or daily. The
daily monitoring costs 5 keyword-credits, while the weekly monitoring costs 1
keyword-credit.

: Tags help you to organise your keywords. You can also analyse your competitors
according to specific tags and see a project-tag Visibility Index.

: Estimated number of organic clicks per month for the keyword for this specific
ranking. Search volume alone is no longer meaningful. Depending on the search
intention and thus the SERP layout, a very different proportion of searchers
click on organic hits. We take this into account here and analyse how many
organic clicks occur on average per month.

: Estimated change in organic clicks for the keyword between the two dates. This
value can change according to the domain’s rankings.

: Amount of individual URLs for which this hostname/directory is found to have a
ranking within Google’s Top 10 searchresults

: Amount of individual URLs for which this hostname/directory is found to have a
ranking within Google’s Top 100 searchresults

: Amount of individual URLs for which this domain (or host, path, URL) is found
to have a ranking within Google’s Top 10 searchresults

: Amount of individual URLs for which this domain (or host, path, URL) is found
to have a ranking within Google’s Top 100 searchresults

: A preview of the search result made up of Title, URL and description. The
searched keyword is highlighted in bold.

: Visibility Index value of the domain referred to the country-market symbolised
by the flag-icon.

: Current Visibility Index value of the domain referred to the country-market
symbolised by the flag-icon.

: Current Visibility Index value of the domain or hostname.

: Current Visibility Index value of the domain, hostname, path or URL added to
the list.

: Position of the domain according to its visibility on Google for that country.

: Number of organic rankings of the result across all Countries.

: Number of Facebook social signals for the result. Here we count the total
number of likes, shares, and comments for the URL.

: Scope of the Cookie, defined by the domain and path attributes. The scope
tells the browser what website the cookie belongs to.

: It indicates whether the cookie has a Secure attribute (1) or not (0). The
Secure attribute is meant to keep cookie communication limited to encrypted
transmission.

: It indicates whether the cookie has a HttpOnly attribute. An HttpOnly cookie
cannot be accessed by client-side APIs, such as JavaScript.

: It indicates whether the cookie has a SameSite attribute. The SameSite options
are: “Strict” (the browser sends the cookie only for same-site requests), “Lax”
(the cookie is sent when a user is navigating to the origin site from an
external site) and “None” (the browser sends the cookie with both cross-site and
same-site requests).

: It indicates whether the technology is still being used by the website or not.

: An evaluation of the search intents for the selected keyword. Hover the mouse
over it to see all the values.

  * Know: The Know, or Informational search intent, means that the searcher is looking to expand their knowledge on a specific topic. Information about simple knowledge queries is delivered directly to the SERPs (“Know Simple”).
  * Do: The transactional search intent. The user intention “Do” is about the searcher wanting to do something. Frequently it’s to buy something but sometimes it’s a download, install or other active process.
  * Website: These are search requests by searcher simply looking for a website. They may not rememebr the correct name, or the full domain name. It may also include a product search with the brand name included.
  * Visit: This is about searchers who are, mostly, looking for a local business on their smartphone. These searches often trigger the Google Maps feature in the SERP.

: The type of search intent which is predominant for that keyword. Hover the
mouse over this label to see a detailed overview of all the types of search
intent estimated for the keyword.

  * Know: The Know, or Informational search intent, means that the searcher is looking to expand their knowledge on a specific topic. Information about simple knowledge queries is delivered directly to the SERPs (“Know Simple”).
  * Do: The transactional search intent. The user intention “Do” is about the searcher wanting to do something. Frequently it’s to buy something but sometimes it’s a download, install or other active process.
  * Website: These are search requests by searcher simply looking for a website. They may not rememebr the correct name, or the full domain name. It may also include a product search with the brand name included.
  * Visit: This is about searchers who are, mostly, looking for a local business on their smartphone. These searches often trigger the Google Maps feature in the SERP.

: Types of SERP-Features found for the keyword. Hover the mouse over the icons
to see more information.

: The search volume indicates roughly how often a keyword is searched per month.
We usually update this value on a monthly basis.

: The annual average of the monthly search volume.

: The Amazon competition shows how many products are ranked for this keyword.
The value is a number between 0 (low) and 100 (extremely high).

: Keyword for which the seller is ranking with at least one product.

: The best position (not sponsored) of a seller’s product for this keyword.

: The best position (sponsored) of a seller’s product for this keyword.

: The best position of a seller’s product for this keyword.

: Approximate number of results which compete for this keyword. The value is a
number between 0 (low) and 100 (extremely high).

: Go to the Amazon Ranking History for this keyword.

: A keyword that ranks for at least one product that the selected product
recommends.

: Number of products that recommend the selected product and have a ranking for
this keyword.

: A keyword that was found through at least one keyword search, with the help of
one of the 10 product’s keywords with the highest traffic.

: Metric that specifies how many of the keyword searches (which were generated
with the help of one of the up to 10 product’s keywords with the highest
traffic) found this keyword.

: This column indicates whether the selected seller has a buybox for this
product.

: The price of the product from the selected seller.

: The category to which the product is assigned by Amazon, or the category
according to which you have filtered the results in the table.

: The bestseller rank of the Amazon category of the product, or the bestseller
rank of the category according to which you have filtered the results in the
table.

: Percentage share of the product in comparison to the brand/seller’s Visibility
Index.

: The Visibility Index of the corresponding product, seller or brand.

: Direct link to the detailed view of the product.

: Average number of reviews per day for the product, since the date it was
posted on Amazon.

: Number of offers for the product labelled as “New”.

: The date when the product has been listed on Amazon.

: Number of buyers who rated the product as “too small”.

: Number of buyers who rated the product as “moderately small”.

: Number of buyers who rated the product as “true to size”.

: Number of buyers who rated the product as “moderately large”.

: Number of buyers who rated the product as “too large”.

: The bestseller rank of the product in the category “clothing”.

: The ASIN of the product for which this review was written.

: The description of the product’s variant for which this review has been
written.

: The name of the user who wrote this review.

: This field indicates whether this review was written by someone who has proven
to have purchased the product.

: The number of users who found this review helpful.

: One word from the title of the reviews (no distinction between upper and lower
case).

: Number of reviews which contain the word in their title.

: Click here to see all reviews which contain the corresponding word in their
title (no distinction between upper and lower case).

: One word from the text of the reviews (no distinction between upper and lower
case).

: Number of reviews which contain the word in their text.

: Click here to see all reviews which contain the corresponding word in their
text (no distinction between upper and lower case).

: Name of the corresponding product, seller, brand or category.

: Number of products that the seller offers in this category and that we have
assigned to this seller. For the latter, the seller must either be represented
on the product page with an offer or, in the case of highly competitive
products, it has to be found on the first offer page.

: Percentage of buybox offers compared to the offers found by the seller in this
category.

: We calculate a value that should reflect the degree of recommendation in
percent. The value lies between 0 (no recommendation) and 100 (strong
recommendation) and is calculated from several factors, for example:

  * Is the number of words in the range recommended by Amazon?

: Number of products of the brand in this category and which we have assigned to
this brand. For the latter, we need to have entered the product page at least
once.

: Number of keywords in which the product, seller or brand appears.

: Ranking of the Visibility Index value of the product, seller or brand.

: The brand that is ranking for one or more keyword of the given keyword list.

: The brand that is ranking for one or more keyword of the given product list.

: The seller that is ranking for one or more keyword of the given keyword list.

: The seller that is ranking for one or more keyword of the given keyword list.

: The market share of the sellers in the keyword set. The first figure indicates
how visible the seller is for this product set. (in %) The second, blue bar,
shows how strong the seller is compared to the strongest seller in the list.

: The market share of the sellers in the product set. The first figure indicates
how visible the seller is for this product set. (in %) The second, blue bar,
shows how strong the seller is compared to the strongest seller in the list.

: The market share of the brands in the keyword set. The first figure indicates
how visible the brand is for this product set. (in %) The second, blue bar,
shows how strong the brand is compared to the strongest brand in the list.

: The market share of the brands in the product set. The first figure indicates
how visible the brand is for this product set. (in %) The second, blue bar,
shows how strong the brand is compared to the strongest brand in the list.

: Number of keywords for which the brand/seller is ranking within the Top-100
results on Amazon.

: Number of keywords for which the brand/seller is ranking within the Top-10
results on Amazon.

: Number of products that each brand or seller has for the list.

Here you’ll find the keywords that form the list, and the related data for these
keywords. Click on a column head to sort via that column, or add a filter for
that column using the “” features.

  * Keyword – The query exactly as it is written in Google.
  * Search Volume – Monthly average search volume for the keyword.
  * Competition – This indicator shows the level of competition for the keyword in the organic Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword.
  * Trend – Relative seasonal development of the search volume on a month-by-month basis. This allows you to quickly understand whether the search volume for the keyword is higher during specific months.
  * CPC – Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads if you want a paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

