[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
visibility-index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
visibility-index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
visibility-index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

In the SISTRIX Toolbox you can compare the visibility index of up to six
domains, hostnames, directories or URLs, using both desktop and mobile data.
This is especially helpful to find out the strengths and weaknesses of your
competitors.

Every chart showing the Visibility Index history has aat its top right corner.
If you click on it, you’ll open an option menu containing many different
features for the Visibility Index. Among these options, you can use the feature
“” to compare the chart with one or more domains, hostnames, paths or URLs (up
to six in total).

Add the domains (hostnames, paths or URLs) in the search slot and select the for
the visibility data. Note that, by selecting only the Country (for example
“UK”), the Visibility Index will refer to desktop data. If you want to compare
the mobile Visibility Index, you’ll have to select “UK – mobile” from the list.
Finally, click on the green button “Compare” to begin your analysis.

The graphs shows the Visibility Index for two or more domains. Up to 6 domains
can be added. This is useful for comparing domains, hosts, directories and URLs
across countries and across mobile and desktop indexes.

You can zoom into a specific date-range by holding the mouse button down and
selecting the range you would like to focus on. Also note the numerous options
available through the cogwheel in the top right hand corner of this box. There
you can, for example, change the domains compared in the chart.

This table shows you the Visibility Index value of every single domain (or
hostname, path or URL) compared in the chart, as well as the corresponding
crawling date, for the last 12 months.

