[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
keywords/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
keywords/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
keywords/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
keywords/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
keywords/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
keywords/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
keywords/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

During your keyword research you may want to compare similar keywords or search
combinations to quickly check their KPIs. This SISTRIX feature allows you to
compare up to 7 keywords for their most important metrics.

With this feature you can easily compare and visualise relevant key figures for
up to 7 keywords. To reach it, simply enter the keywords, each separated by a
comma, into the search bar.

  * The most important key figures such as search volume, clicks, CPC and competition

The keywords will be shown at the top of the page. To change or add new keywords
to the comparison, click on one of them and use the text-field on the right of
the screen, where you can also select a different country (“Show details”).

This table offers you a quick overview of the most important KPIs of the
analysed keywords:

  * : Number of monthly search queries for each keyword on Google for the chosen country. SISTRIX shows the average monthly traffic (over 12 months) in order to exclude any seasonal influence. 

  * : Number of organic clicks for each keyword. Depending on the SERP structure, this value can strongly differ from the search volume. 

  * : Here we show you the competition level for each keyword in the organic Google Index using a number between 0 and 100. The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

  * : The average click price that you would pay on Google Ads, if you’d like to get a paid click for each keyword. .

The search intent shows you with the search query. As far as search intent is
concerned, Google differentiates between the following four types:

: A user with a know query would like to know more about a specific topic. This
type of query can be answered within one of the search result’s websites or they
can be displayed in a relatively small amount of space the size of a mobile
phone screen (Know Simple).

: The user intention “Do” is about the searcher wanting to do something.
Frequently it is to buy something but it can also be a download, install or
other active process.

: The website queries are search requests in which the user would like to go to
a specific website or page on that website. Many users type in a domain name,
URL or brand directly on Google, without using the browser.

: This is about searchers who are, mostly, looking for a local business on their
smartphone. Usually this type of search intent is answered with Google Maps.

In this box you can see how the device distribution of the examined keywords
looks like. Is this keyword mostly searched for on ? You should plan your
content according to this distribution value.

This box will help you estimate the search volume percentage of each keyword in
the countries analysed by SISTRIX, showing the ones where this KPI is higher.

Basically, we show the top-2 countries with the highest search volume
percentage. The rest of the countries are summed up and shown as “Others”.

Here you will find an overview of the search volume of the searched keywords in
the analysed country.

The graph shows you the search volume over time so that you can recognise
seasonal trends at a glance. If you move your mouse over the graph, you can see
the monthly average of the search volume.

Here we show you the most recent screenshot of Google’s first result page for
the searched keywords.

This way, you’ll immediately see which organic results and integrations are
ranking on the page without having to browse it yourself.

The screenshot always refers to the mobile version of the SERP.

Here you will find an overview of the search volume of the searched keywords in
the countries for which SISTRIX collects data.

First you’ll see the sum of all countries’ search volume. After that, the
countries are sorted by search volume in descending order. Click on one of the
keywords to change the order of the countries.

