[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-
creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Google doesn’t always show the Title and Meta-Description you set for your
result. With the feature “Compare Snippet” in the SEO Module you can check how
the Snippets of your website appear in the SERPs. below.

To know more about why Google creates its own Title and Meta-Description for a
website, please read .

Use this option to the results in certain parts of the URLs of a domain. This is
especially useful to analyse the Snippets of a specific directory or the URLs
which contain a specific word.

This table is made up of two sections. In the you can see the metadata ​​as they
are stored on the website. Our web crawlers regularly visit all the URLs we know
and read both the Title and the Meta-Description from the website’s source code.

you will find the that exist for the combination of the title and snippet for
this URL in the Google SERPs. In the vast majority of cases, Google adapts the
description and, more rarely, the Title so that the searcher’s intention is
better represented.

We’ll show you the most important combination first, but you can view other
combinations by scrolling. Above the snippet you can see an example keyword for
which this version is displayed. With one click on the keyword you can jump into
the keyword table and see all keywords for this Snippet.

