[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-web-
vitals/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-web-
vitals/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-
web-vitals/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-web-
vitals/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-web-
vitals/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-web-
vitals/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-web-
vitals/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Besides other data in the Onpage projects, information about the Core Web Vitals
can also be accessed for specific domains, in the “Structure” section. Here you
can see the Field Data from Google Chrome and analyse the performance of every
website you want.

In this section we use the so-called . These are collected by Google’s Chrome
browser and measured by a user panel. This means that this data is only
available if a sufficient number of Chrome users visit the corresponding domain.
The data is updated in the middle of each month for the previous month.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page.

There you can switch between mobile and desktop values, export the data or share
the live page on Social Media.

The data depends on the Country chosen for the evaluation, which is displayed in
the search bar at the top left corner of the screen.

The four boxes show the actual values of the three Core Web Vitals:

  * Largest Contentful Paint: How much time passes before the main content of the website is visible to the user in the browser.

  * Cumulative Layout Shift: Does the content of the page jump around during its loading? And, if yes, how far are the elements moved?

  * First Contentful Paint: The time from when a piece of content is shown for the first time to the user’s browser

  * Interaction to Next Paint: The page’s overall responsiveness to user interactions by observing the latency of all click, tap, and keyboard interactions that occur throughout the lifespan of a user’s visit to a page.

Besides the actual values, you can also see their distribution according to
Google’s performance expectations. The green bar shows the percent of users
where the value was considered positive, the yellow bar indicates the values
which need improvement and finally the red bar shows the poor results.

The graphs show the historic development of the Core Web Vitals for the analysed
domain. According to their performance, the values are distributed in three
colours:

Hover the mouse on the chart to see the value of the corresponding Core Web
Vital for a specific date. You can also zoom into a specific date-range by
holding the mouse button down and selecting the range you would like to focus
on, or click on “Fullscreen” to let the graph fit your entire screen. You can
move the mouse cursor over each value and we will show you the values.

