[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-
potential/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-
potential/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-
potential/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-
potential/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-
potential/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-
potential/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-
potential/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Your content doesn’t just need to be discoverable on Google, it also has to be
clicked. Connect SISTRIX to your Google Search Console to unlock this useful
feature and start improving the CTR of your website.

After , type your domain in the search bar: you’ll see an extra feature in the
menu on the right side of the screen called “Google Search Console”. Click on it
and you’ll find the button “CTR Potential” where you can reach the following
analysis.

Note: The feature “CTR Potential” is still under development, so you have to
activate it on .

Besides ranking on Google, you want your domain to be visited by users. This is
why a CTR analysis is a fundamental step of your SEO strategy.

To help you understand where to start, here we show you the pages whose CTR is
lower than the expected average. Optimising their snippet could allow you to get
results quicker and easier.

: Website URL ordered according to the lost clicks value.

: Estimate of clicks lost by the URL during the analysed period of time (shown
in the up left corner of the screen).

: CTR of the page according to your Google Search Console data.

: Estimation of the CTR that the URL could reach if optimised.

: Total number of ranking keywords for the URL.

Click on “Analyse URL now” to open a detailed overview of the CTR analysis for a
specific URL. Here you can see the keywords for which it ranks and a comparison
between your snippet and your competitors’ snippets.

Finally, on the top left corner of the page you can find a button with the time
period to which the table refers to. Click on it to update the data. If you
don’t see the button, your data are already up-to-date and refer to the last 30
days.

A snippet determines the first impression of your website. You want it to catch
the attention between all the other elements and search results of a Google
page.

This SISTRIX feature helps you realise how attractive your snippet is in
comparison to your competitors. At the top of the page we show you how the
snippets of the top-3 competitors of your URL look like (on the right) and
compare them to yours (on the left).

The table below shows you the top ranking keywords of the analysed URL, their
Search Console data, and an estimation of the expected clicks and CTR which you
could reach by optimising the page’s snippet.

Click on a keyword to see a detailed overview of its Google data.

