[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-
hostnames/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-
hostnames/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-
hostnames/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-
hostnames/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-
hostnames/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-
hostnames/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-
hostnames/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

In the SISTRIX toolbox you can analyse a directory or a hostname just as you
would a complete domain. We’ll show you the and many other important KPIs along
with the complete history. The data can be also personalised and exported.

In this graph we will show you the for the three most successful hostnames or
directories.

You can click on the before the top three hostnames/directory to show and hide
each line in the graph above. If you want to see the historic development for
another hostname or directory, not shown in the graph, just click on the entry
itself and we will show you the detailed evaluation.

By default the Toolbox will show data. Click on “Options > Data Source” at the
top right corner of the page to switch to desktop.

Also don’t forget that the at the top right corner of the chart will offer you
even more options and functions. For example, you’ll be able to select a
different date or to compare other directories.

If you hover the mouse over the chart, the Toolbox will let you see the for that
week. You can also right-click with the mouse and select the data you would like
to analyse to see for that date.

If you need to focus on a specific period of time, you can into a specific date-
range by holding the mouse button down and selecting the range you would like to
focus on.

Right under the chart you can see a table containing the following data:

  * : the hostname/directory itself, including all sub-directories and -pages.

  * : the individual Visibility Index score for each hostname/directory.

  * Number of rankings of the hostname/directory in Google’s Top 10 results.

  * Number of rankings of the hostname/directory in Google’s Top 100 results.

Note that you can click on a directory/hostname to reach its overview page and
deepen your analysis even further.

