[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The domain overview page gives you a quick of all the most important SEO KPIs
for a specific domain. The data available covers that you’re able to export or
share anytime you want.

The VI is the core metric of a domains visibility (or optionally, host,
directory or URL) and it’s evaluated from the rankings found within a
representative keyword set. Each ranking is weighted by position and search
volume and added together to create the final figure. Extensive information on
the Visibility Index can be found in this article: .

The Visibility Index is based on the mobile rankings for the selected country.
The percentage change refers to the Monday of the previous week.

The Visibility Index displayed is continuously updated daily. However, SISTRIX
continuously monitors the ranking data. If we detect a strong deviation between
the daily Visibility Index and the last analysed data, we will display a green
pulsating dot. If you move your mouse over the dot, you will see the live
Visibility Index and the exact time of the last update.

: the Visibility Index rank shows you the position of the most successful
domains for the examined domain. For this purpose, all domains with a measurable
Visibility Index are sorted in descending order every day.

This box gives you a quick overview of the number and orientation of the
rankings of the examined domains (or host, directory, URL). The first line ()
shows how many different rankings can be measured in SISTRIX across all
countries.

The second line (, as per user settings) then shows you how many keyword
rankings were measured in the country. Clicking on the numbers takes you
directly to the keyword table with the exact keywords and rankings.

The third line tells you the of the keywords. The blue bar shows you right away
whether most keywords have a “do”, a “know”, a “website” or a visit intent. If
you hover over the bar with your mouse, we will show you more precise numbers.

This box shows estimations about the traffic of the domain (or host, directory,
URL when doing deeper analysis). The value given for in the first row is our
estimate of the average monthly traffic that can be generated by the keywords
found.

The second row, , shows you, based on Google Ads CPC values, how much money you
would have to spend to buy this organic traffic in the paid areas of Google
search results.

In the third line of the box you can see how the of the examined domain looks
like. What percentage of users come from desktop, mobile or tablet? This data is
not available for all domains.

Here you can see the most important link metrics for the examined domains (or
host, directory, URL) at a glance. If link metrics have not yet been determined
for a domain, you can trigger this with a click here.

In the first row you can see the number of different referring domains: one of
the most important metrics for links. How many different domains link to a
website. The second line then shows you the total number of links: how many
links refer to the domain.

In the third line you can then analyze what proportion different top-level
domains (such as .com) make up in the link profile of the examined domain. Here,
too, you can see further details and data if you move the mouse over the line.

For any business working or expanding into international markets, and for sites
offering content that spans many countries, monitoring the international
visibility of your domains, or those of your competitors, is important.

Here you find an overview of the countries where your domain is more visible.
For each Country the tool displays the average monthly click value and the
Visibility Index of the domain.

Often some specific content formats of a website are better accepted by Google
and the users than others. This pie chart shows the most successful directories,
hosts and URLs according to the number of , and is based on keywords in our
extended database using the Mobile-First search results.

To create this chart we consider the number of different ranking keywords per
URL, directory and hostname.

This box shows you the for the SISTRIX Visibility Index for the organic rankings
for the domain. The development history for the SISTRIX Visibility Index is able
to tell you quite a bit about the current health of a domain.

You can into a specific date-range by holding the mouse button down and
selecting the range you would like to focus on. By right-clicking on a single
visibility-point, you can jump directly to the keywords for that date.

Please also note the numerous options available through the in the top right
hand corner of this box which allow you to:

  * Compare the history of up to six domains with each other

Extensive information on the Visibility Index can be found in this article: .

You can use the feature “Overlay Data” to compare the chart with one or more
domains, hostnames, paths or URLs (up to six in total).

Add the domains (hostnames, paths or URLs) in the search slot and click on “Show
details” to select the Country and the device (mobile or desktop) for the
visibility data. By default, the tool will use the mobile database and the
Country chosen in the search bar.

Finally, click on the green button “Compare” to begin your analysis.

The different colored dots in this box represent domains that we have identified
as competitors for the domain.

  * The further to the right a point is, the higher the visibility index of the domain.

  * The higher up, the higher the number of keywords for which this domain ranks.

  * The size of the dots indicates how much monthly traffic this domain generates according to our estimates.

Based on the keywords ranking in the Top-100 from our Ranking-Keyword-Set for
the domain under evaluation, we show you other domains which also have rankings
for this keyword-set. These domains are the strongest keyword-competitors for
the domain you are evaluating.

  * Competition: This value shows the percentage-based visibility for the keyword-competitors, based on the ranking-keyword-set. If you are evaluating domain A and domain B has 200% in this column, then domain B is about twice as visible for the keywords that domain A ranks for in the Top-100.
  * Visibility Index: In this column we show you the Visibility Index score for each domain, using only the keywords in the ranking-keyword-set.

Click on “Show all” to open the whole competitors list.

This table gives you an which are especially interesting for a domain. This is
done by choosing keywords from this domain’s rankings which are well positioned
and show a large search-traffic and strong competition.

  * : The query exactly as it is written in Google.

  * : Best position of the domain URL for the keyword inside the organic SERPs.

  * : Estimated number of organic clicks per month for the keyword. 

  * : number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the chosen country ().

  * : this indicator shows the level of competition for the keyword in the organic Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high) ().

You can browse all the domain’s keywords by going to the menu-item “Keywords”,
in the left navigation under SEO or by clicking on the “Show all Keywords with a
Top-100 Ranking” link at the bottom of this box.

The table is sorted in descending order by the number of clicks.

