[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
history/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
history/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
history/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
history/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
history/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
history/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
history/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Thanks to the feature “Keyword History” you can see the rankings of a specific
keyword for the domain you’re analysing. This is useful to identify
cannibalisation problems, URL-swapping, or to compare the rankings of multiple
domains and keywords.

The Keyword History feature is available in every keyword table of the Toolbox.
It’s symbolised by a in the last column .

Alternatively you can also use a shortcut and write the keyword and the domain
you want to analyse inside the , separated by a comma.

In both cases the Toolbox will bring you to the specific keyword history section
for that domain.

The Ranking History allows you to see how organic Google rankings for a domain,
host or a specific URL have developed in time. This way you’ll quickly recognise
trends and changes, and track your SEO success.

Using the on the top right you can either add competitor domains or additional
keywords that your can compare. In some parts of the toolbox, this graph will be
pre-loaded with relevant comparisons and quick filters may be shown above the
graph.

Use the options above the graph to change the interval from weekly to daily or
monthly data and track short-term and long-term ranking changes even more
precisely.

This table shows you the position and ranking URL for the domain, as well as all
the datapoints for the previous 12 months.

If you would like more data, you can click on the “” button below the ranking-
history table to load all historic data available.

Click on the URL to see its specific KPIs in the Toolbox.

