[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Keywords, the search queries entered in Google, are the mainstay of success in
SEO. The Keyword Overview offers you all the relevant data for your keyword
research, helping you create more relevant content.

The Keyword Overview is your first stop for the (search queries). To reach this
section type the keyword in the search bar of SISTRIX and start your search.

The flag in the search bar indicates the country data you’d like to see.
Searching for “hotel” will give you different results and KPIs in UK or in
Ireland for example.

SISTRIX offers you data for many billions of keywords in thirty different
countries. The addition of new keywords happens automatically and regularly.

After typing in your keyword, you’ll reach the keyword overview section. Here
you can find a summary of all the relevant information and values related to the
keyword.

In the overview you’ll get all the most important information at a glance. Use
the navigation menu on the left to deepen the keyword analysis by selecting the
section you need.

The “Update” button enables search results to be updated within a few seconds.
This function can also be used to refresh keywords from our keyword discovery
databases that haven’t been crawled yet. You can find out more about the
background in .

The first row in the Keyword Overview page shows you more information about the
different sections in four boxes.

Number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the chosen
Country. SISTRIX shows the average monthly traffic (over 12 months) in order to
exclude any seasonal influence.

Just below the search volume you’ll see the number of organic clicks per month
for this keyword. Depending on the SERP structure, this value can strongly
differ from the search volume.

We also show the monthly trend data of the last 5 years. This allows you to
quickly find out whether there are strong trends in specific parts of the year
or whether the demand stays relatively constant.

In this box you’ll find three useful values related to the keyword you are
analysing: the competition level for the keyword in the organic Google Index
using a number between 0 and 100. The higher this level, the bigger the effort
needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

Following that, the device distribution: is this keyword mostly searched for on
a mobile phone or a desktop? You should plan your content according to this
distribution value.

In addition to that, you’ll see the average click price that you would pay on
Google Ads, if you’d like to get a paid click for this keyword. .

This box will help you estimate the search volume in other SISTRIX countries,
showing the ones where this KPI is higher and the total search volume across all
the countries. The search volume is standardised for all countries and the
annual average is always divided over 12 months.

Here you will find an overview of the search volume of the searched keyword in
the countries for which SISTRIX collects data. The countries are sorted by
search volume in descending order.

The graph shows you the search volume over time so that you can recognise
seasonal trends at a glance. If you move your mouse over the graph, you can see
the monthly average of the search volume. You can use the checkboxes in the
table below to select countries and compare the search volumes with each other.

The table shows an annual average (12 months) of the search volume. .

If you want to compare the search volumes of two keywords, simply enter any two
keywords in the search bar at the top left, separated by a comma.

Google’s search pages no longer consist only of organic results. SISTRIX
recognises . Here you’ll get a quick overview of all the result types found for
the keyword. According to the demand, besides classic texts you could also see
other types of content, like videos, images or other formats.

For the calculation of SERP features we consider the first 100 Google results.
The blue row shows the number of results that display the corresponding SERP
feature. For example: “Organic: 97/100” means that 97 results for the selected
keyword are organic.

Here you will find the Top-10 or Top-20 Google search results that our crawler
was last given.

Each row starts with the ranking position, followed by the ranking URL, an
indicator of how the ranking changed compared to the previous week and the
estimated number of clicks on that page.

By analysing the SERP structure we can calculate the expected CTR for each
position on the Top-10 results. Using the search volume we then show the
estimated clicks per month for the position.

The button “Show Keyword History” will open the ranking-history for the specific
domain and the keyword you are evaluating.

Clicking on the arrow at the end of the row will open the domain-overview page
for that domain.

The search intent shows you which goals the user wants to reach with the search
query. As far as search intent is concerned, Google differentiates between the
following four types: Know, Do, Website and Visit. The search intent is defined
for almost every keyword in SISTRIX.

The other boxes on this page show you parts of the corresponding feature. Click
on the box or on the corresponding section in the navigation to deepen your
analysis.

  * : The user intention “Do” is about the searcher wanting to do something. Frequently it’s to buy something but sometimes it’s a download, install or other active process.

  * : A user with a know query would like to know more about a specific topic. This type of queries can be answered on one of the search result’s website or they can be displayed in a relatively small amount of space the size of a mobile phone screen (Know Simple).

  * : The website queries are search requests in which the user would like to go to a specific website or page on that website. Many users type in a domain name, URL or brand directly on Google, without using the browser.

  * : This is about searchers who are, mostly, looking for a local business on their smartphone. Usually this type of search intent is answered with Google Maps.

Use this feature to quickly analyse and track the SERP-Layout of your keywords.

The timeline on top will let you easily navigate in the past: you can select a
date directly from the timeline, or modify the box right below it. The vertical
bars show the amount of change on that date. A larger bar indicates more change.

Below the timeline you’ll see the mobile SERP-Layout of the first result page
for the keyword you searched, including the organic results and many different
types of SERP-Features.

Hover the mouse over the different elements to find more information about that
specific result-type, like:

  * the amount of pixels of the phone’s viewport it occupies

With this feature, we show you the most recent screenshot of Google’s first
result page for the searched keyword.

This way, you’ll immediately see which organic results and integrations are
ranking on the page without having to browse it yourself.

The date and time when the screenshot was taken appear in the top left corner of
the page. There you can also see the referring country and change it. Use the
two arrows next to the screenshot to navigate through the archive.

The screenshot always refers to the mobile version of the SERP.

In the category Keyword Ideas we’ll suggest other keywords that are related to
the start keyword you entered. Depending on the method, the relationship can be
more or less direct. This way you’ll be able to discover more interesting search
queries for your keyword research. We have a where you can learn more about its
importance and how you can go about it.

Every table can be sorted, filtered and exported. You can also add the keywords
into a in SISTRIX.

With this feature you’ll discover all the searched queries that contain of the
start keyword, in the of entry. For “e” you’ll find, for example, “” or ““.

At least of the start keyword must appear in the suggested queries. For example,
if you search ““, the feature will show you ““, “” or ““.

The similar keywords contain the of the start keyword. Thanks to this feature
you can find and sort Longtail Keywords. For example, if your start keyword is
““, the feature will suggest “” or ““, and many other alternatives.

This feature shows you the search queries that have a with the start keyword.
This means that the terms don’t necessary contain the start keywords, but they
are similar and comparable. For the start keyword “e” you’ll get as suggestions
“” or ““. This will let you easily extend the keyword set for your keyword
research with useful synonyms and related terms.

This feature will show you Google queries which contain not only the start
keyword, but also (W-questions, like where, when, what, etc.). This will help
you to easily understand the intent behind the keywords. For the start keyword
“” SISTRIX will show, for example, ““.

The feature called Keyword Environment shows related keywords for which the Top
10 URLs rank, and works as follows.

First of all we determine the Top-10 ranking URLs for the keyword. Then, in the
second step, we pull their ranking keywords from SISTRIX. Finally, we combine
these keywords and we show them in the results.

Thanks to this process you’ll get a good overview of . In our example “” you’ll
see new keywords like “diy stores” and “. The list takes a few moments to
process and display.

The SERP Archive is a time machine for past results. Since 2008 SISTRIX has
saved the SERPs for all the most relevant search queries. Thanks to the SERP
Archive you can easily go back in time and track developments.

The date can be changed in the filter just above the SERPs. Since 2015 mobile
SERPs have been saved in addition to desktop SERPs. For many important keywords
you’ll also be able to see a daily version of the SERPs for the last few months.

The Ranking History allows you to see how organic Google rankings for a domain
or a specific URL have developed in time. This way you’ll quickly recognise
trends and changes, and track your SEO success.

You can switch between desktop or mobile data using the white option-row. There
you can also change the interval from weekly to daily data and track short-term
ranking changes even more precisely.

When you open this feature SISTRIX will automatically compare the domains that
rank first for the keyword. Use the filters in the upper part of the page to
change the domain or the URL.

This feature allows you to compare the Google’s search results for up to three
different dates. By default SISTRIX will compare the current date and a second
date of about four weeks ago.

Use the filters in the upper part of the page to quickly change the dates and
personalise the results according to your needs.

In the analysis, SISTRIX will use arrows to show you the ranking changes of that
specific period of time. If the domain is ranking better than before the arrow
will be green. On the contrary, if the rankings have worsen, the arrow will be
red. The arrow will remain grey if there are no ranking changes.

To assess whether two keywords are different enough to require two separate
pages for optimisation or whether Google considers them similar enough to be
optimised under one URL, you can use the “SERP Similarity” feature.

You can compare the SERPs of up to three keywords with each other and see which
URLs rank for the keywords.

If many URLs rank for both or all three keywords, it may be sufficient to create
just one page with content and optimise it for these keywords.

In the upper box on the page, you will find all URLs that rank for all of the
given keywords. Below that you will see the individual SERPs for the keywords,
which help you to recognise the positions of the common URLs at a glance.

