[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
table/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
table/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
table/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
table/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
table/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
table/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
table/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The keyword table is one of the in the SISTRIX Toolbox – here you’ll see all the
found for the analysed domain. You’ll be able to use quick and useful , the
table and the data.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the page.

  * : tailor the table according to your personal needs and requirements. With “” you can also choose between desktop results, your own Onpage project keywords or data from Google Search Console. The “” allows you to create complex filter combinations, which you can also save and load. Finally, the Toolbox offers an extended database for mobile SERPs, which is why this is the default option for the table.

  * : with this button you can export the displayed table, downloading (filtered) keywords and the data contained in every column. .

  * : share the page with other SISTRIX users. You’ll get a personalised shortlink, active for a few days, that you can share without any limitations.

For most domains you aren’t able to see all the rankings at a glance. The
filters allow you to filter the results in the table and get only what you need.
Every field of the table can be filtered, even the data inside additional
columns added using the option “” (click on the cogwheel icon of the table to
find this option).

Choose one of the suggested quick filters or click on the green button “” to
select one of the 30 different filter options available. You can create complex
filter combinations using the .

Thanks to the Country filter you’ll be able to change countries within the
ranking keyword overview. You can also use the Search Keyword field to quickly
find keywords that contain a certain word.

The keyword table shows you the keywords and rankings found for the analysed
domain. The list is ordered according to the number of organic clicks, giving
you the possibility to see the most important traffic-generating keywords at the
top. By default you’ll see the following columns. Note: Some of them could be
hidden if you use small monitors or browser windows, but you can expose them by
using the browser zoom function:

: The query exactly as it is written in Google. Keywords can be made up of one
or more words or word elements.

: Total number of SERP Features found on the result pages for this keyword. (the
analysed domain does not necessarily have to be part of the features) Click on
this button to see more details about the result snippet, the specific features
and the result features.

: Position of the domain URL for the keyword inside the organic SERPs. It
concerns only the organic (SEO) rankings and not Ads or other Google
integrations.

: Estimated number of organic clicks on that page. The bar shows how high the
click value of the corresponding entry is in comparison to the highest value in
the table.

: Number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the chosen
Country. The Toolbox shows the average monthly traffic (over 12 months) in order
to exclude any seasonal influence.

: This indicator shows the level of competition for the keyword in the organic
Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the
bigger the effort to organically rank for the keyword.

: The type of search intent which is predominant for that keyword. Hover the
mouse over this label to see a detailed overview of all the types of search
intent estimated for the keyword. .

: Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads, if you’d like to get a
paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

: Exact URL which is ranking in Google’s results pages. For AMP results the
Toolbox measures only the virtual URL on the domain-target and not the AMP URL
on the Google servers.

: These two buttons located at the end of every row will help you get more data
for the corresponding keyword. The first button will show you more details about
the query (search volume, competition level, CPC), including its search intent
and the SERPs preview. The second button is a link to the SERPs table inside the
Toolbox.

Move your mouse over the number of keywords in the table’s header to see the
total search volume and the total number of clicks for all keywords. Combine
this feature with the filters to quickly find out which areas of your website
generate many searches but few clicks.

At the beginning of the keyword table you can also find a small checkbox. If you
select a keyword (or all keywords in the table) there, you can add them to a
list () or update their SERPs ().

