[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
details/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
details/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
details/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
details/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
details/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
details/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
details/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

View a history of URL and keyword rankings for the domain, both in the top-10
and top-100 of search results. In addition we show summary information for the
ranking keywords.

Here you’ll find the total number of keywords for which this domain (or host,
directory or URL where selected) is ranking in the search results. The value is
based on our extended database and is therefore not comparable with the value
seen in the diagram below it (Keywords – History)

The value represents the total number of different keywords and not the total
number of rankings. The data is based on the keywords ranking for the selected
country.

Here you’ll find the numbers of ranking in the Top 10 and the number of rankings
in the Top 100 in Google search.

  * : Number of keywords with a ranking in the Top 10, the first page of search results.
  * : Number of keywords with a ranking in the Top 100, the first 10 pages of search results.

For this evaluation we consider the number of different keywords, not the number
of different rankings. The data refers to the country you have selected.

Based on the rankings found, the figures here related to numbers of URLs. We
show the number of URLs ranking in the Top 10 and the number in the Top 100
Google search results. In addition we show you the average length (number of
characters) in the URLs.

  * : Total number of unique URLs found with a minimum of one ranking in the Top 10, the first page of Google search results.
  * : Total number of unique URLs found with a minimum of one ranking in the Top 100, the first ten pages of Google search results.

In this box we show you, based on the ranking keywords that have been found, the
number of words in the ranking keywords. It’s often the case that search terms
with many words appear in the ‘long tail’ of search and that search terms with
few words are in the strong search volume area known as the shorthead.

This diagram shows the total number of unique URLs found as a historical graph.
Here you’ll find the number of unique URLs found ranking in the Top 10 and the
number ranking in the Top 100 in Google search. The historical graph shows the
development of these numbers.

  * Top 10: Total number of unique URLs found with a minimum of one ranking in the Top 10, the first page of Google search results.

  * Top 100: Total number of unique URLs found with a minimum of one ranking in the Top 100, the first ten pages of Google search results.

  * Data-set: Visibility data. One million keywords for desktop and mobile

In this diagram we show you the number of unique keywords found for this domain
as a historical graph.

This diagram is based on the Visibility Index database with one million keywords
(desktop and mobile). This means that you can’t compare this value with the box
at the top left corner of the page, which shows the total number of keywords of
the extended database, with many millions of keywords.

  * Data-set: Visibility data. One million keywords for desktop and mobile

