[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
environment/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
environment/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
environment/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
environment/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
environment/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
environment/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
environment/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Google’s search pages no longer consist only of organic results. In this
section, you’ll get an overview of all the different SERP Features and for the
domain (or host, directory, URL) you are evaluating.

The SERP environment shows you which other occur on the search result pages
where a domain already ranks organically, like Featured Snippets, recipe boxes,
image boxes and many others. The SISTRIX Toolbox recognises .

SERP integrations are important in order to understand the search intent behind
the keyword and, more specifically, what the user really wants to see in the
results. With this knowledge, you can create the right type of content and
improve your rankings.

The different SERP integrations are sorted according to how often they appear in
the SERPs for the domain’s ranking keyword. Near the SERP Feature, you’ll see
the for which the domain ranks as a numerical and graphical representation.

Click on the type of SERP integration to see the corresponding keywords in
detail.

