[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-
estimation/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-
estimation/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-
estimation/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-
estimation/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-
estimation/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-
estimation/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-
estimation/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Traffic estimation is a feature for for a domain, host, path or URL and it’s
value in terms of paid traffic.

On the basis of the known public data for a domain, we the average and the costs
that would be incurred for the purchase of this traffic via Google Ads.

The traffic estimate is calculated exclusively on the basis of publicly
available data on all websites that have a significant number of Google rankings
in the countries we monitor. The calculation of the estimation follows these
three steps:

  1. We retrieve all where the domain in question currently ranks in the top 100 from the country database. In addition, the associated search volumes of the keywords are fetched.
  2. For these keywords and their respective ranking position, we determine the (CTR) for all ranking keywords.
  3. In third and final step, we add up these values and thus calculate the To calculate the traffic value we use public Google (click price) rates.

The traffic estimate is, as it suggests, an . Much of the data we include can
lead to inaccuracies and deviations, meaning that the final value cannot be
guaranteed correct. The following limits have to be taken into consideration
when using the traffic estimation:

  * The traffic estimation refers only to . This includes classic rankings, as well as Featured Snippets (“SEO-Traffic”), but not vertical integrations like Google News, Video and similar boxes.
  * When estimating traffic, we calculate the **monthly expected organic Google traffic based on the annual average**. This means that the seasonality of the search terms is not reflected, but on an annual average the estimate is in line with expectations.
  * and strong changes in search volume (as happened for specific topics during the Corona Pandemic) are not represented as strongly as the monthly search volumes show, as we use annual averages for the search volume.
  * The level of inaccuracy is higher for pages which gain the , than for pages where many keywords contribute to the traffic. In this case we point out the increased inaccuracy in the traffic estimation.

So much for the main limitations of the traffic estimation in SISTRIX. You
should also take into consideration also the following points:

  * We usually tend to , instead of overestimating it. This means that it’s much more probable that the traffic shown is higher than lower than our estimation. The traffic estimation can therefore be considered conservative.
  * . The main use of the traffic estimation is not checking your own traffic (Google Analytics and are more accurate for this purpose), but estimating the organic traffic of your competitors. The deviation of the estimation for similar pages (comparable keyword environment, comparable size, etc) is also similar. This means that, if you know your exact traffic and your traffic estimation, you can calculate a comparable deviation for your direct SERP-competitors.

Besides the most probable traffic estimation (as an actual traffic indication
calculated every month for the selected Country), we also show a confidence
interval with a lower and upper limit. We have used statistical methods to
determine that 75 percent of all traffic estimates within this confidence
interval correspond to the correct traffic data.

If we see that the traffic estimation doesn’t fall within the confidence
interval, we’ll warn you with a notice above the traffic estimation.

With the traffic estimation you’ll see the number of organic clicks (per month)
that we estimate for the first ten search results for any keyword.

The estimation is based on the individual Click-Through-Rate (CTR) of this
keyword, which is essentially calculated from the number, shape and position of
the different SERP-Features.

The device distribution estimates whether the domain’s traffic comes from
desktop, mobile or tablet devices. This value can help you plan your content and
website optimisation.

The graph shows the number of clicks on the domain being analysed over time. The
estimated number of monthly clicks is displayed. We update the estimate (of
monthly clicks) every week.

In the distribution table you’ll find the average click value received per month
and the costs that would be incurred for the purchase of this traffic via Google
Ads for every directory of the website.

Hover the mouse over the values to see the full range of potential traffic /
value, with a lower and upper limit.

