[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The SISTRIX Visibility Index is a for the of a domain in Google’s search
results. By using the Visibility Index, in can be measured reliably and
transparently.

The Visibility Index is a key-performance-indicator for the visibility of a
domain (respectively the host, directory or URL for detailed-evaluations) in
Google. It is calculated using the – for a representative keyword-set which has
been defined by SISTRIX. The rankings are weighted based on search-traffic and
position per keyword.

  * the change, in percent, to the previous day/week value. (Configurable in settings)

To know more about the Visibility Index please read the following article: ““.

The order of the boxes in this section of the Toolbox may vary according to the
primary index selected in your .

This first box shows the value of the Visibility Index for the analysed website
within the search engine result pages. According to the object of your analysis,
the Toolbox will indicate whether the value refers to a domain, host, directory
or URL. Just below the value you’ll see the date when it has been updated.

To know more about the Visibility Index please read the following article: ““.

Here you can see how much the absolute Visibility Index value has changed from
yesterday to today, from last week to this week or within the last month, and
how much the Visibility gained or lost over previous periods. You can move the
mouse cursor over each value and we will show you both values as well as the
change in percent.

This chart shows the daily development of the visibility index for the analysed
domain (or host, directory, URL).

Hover the mouse on the chart to see the value of the Visibility Index for a
specific date. You can also into a specific date-range by holding the mouse
button down and selecting the range you would like to focus on.

You can also see the ranking keywords for a specific date by clicking on the
corrisponding data point with the of the mouse and selecting “Show keywords for
(domain)”: the Toolbox will automatically take you to the corresponding table.

Note that the cogwheel icon will give you more options to make the Visibility
Index useful in your analyses. For example, you can use it to see the desktop
chart by selecting the option “Switch to desktop”.

  * Data-set: Visibility data: 1 million keywords for desktop and mobile

To know more about the Visibility Index please read the following article: ““.

This box shows you the development history for the SISTRIX Visibility Index for
the organic mobile rankings for the domain.

Also in this case, hover the mouse on the chart to see the value of the
Visibility Index for a specific week. You can zoom into a specific date-range by
holding the mouse button down and selecting the range you would like to focus
on. Please also note the numerous options available through the cogwheel in the
top right hand corner of this box.

In the options, you are able to decide on which event-pins should be shown and
compare the history of up to six domains with each other, among other options.

To know more about the Visibility Index please read the following article: ““.

The Visibility Index rank shows you the position of the most successful domains
for the examined domain. For this purpose, all domains with a measurable
Visibility Index are sorted in descending order every day. .

This box shows you the development history for the SISTRIX Visibility Rank for
this domain. Hover the mouse on the chart to see the value of the Visibility
Index for a specific week.

Based on the filter that you have set up in the keyword table, we will show you
a segmented Visibility Index that only relates to these filtered keywords.

In this case, you can also move your mouse over the graph to see the Visibility
Index value for a specific week. You can select a date range by simply holding
down the mouse button and highlighting it. Please also note the numerous
additional features that are available to you via the cogwheel in the upper
right corner of this box.

In the options, you can decide which event pins should be displayed and compare
the development of up to six domains.

