[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-
creator/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The SISTRIX Toolbox will quickly list close competitors, visualise relationships
and allow you to analyse down to keyword level. The data can be also filtered
and exported for a later use.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page, in particular:

  * : the Toolbox offers an extended database for mobile SERPs, which is why this is the default option for the table. Here you can also change the data source, choosing between desktop results or your own Optimizer competitors.
  * : export the table as a CSV file. To do this you’ll need to use some .
  * : share the page with other Toolbox users. You’ll get a personalised shortlink, active for a few days, that you can share without any limitations.

The different colored dots in this chart represent domains that we have
identified as competitors for the domain.

  * The further to the right a point is, the of the domain.
  * The higher up, the for which this domain ranks.
  * The size of the dots indicates generates according to our estimates.

In the list below the interactive diagram, using the checkboxes in front of each
domain name.

At a glance it becomes clear who are , but also with which competitors a direct
comparison might not even make sense.

To ensure that domains like wikipedia.org (with a visibility index of over 7,000
points) are not included in every chart, reducing the informative value, we have
initially hidden the very large domains.

Based on the keywords ranking in the Top-100 from our for the domain under
evaluation, we will show you other domains which also have rankings for this
keyword-set. These domains are the strongest keyword-competitors for the domain
you are evaluating.

– This value shows the percentage-based visibility for the keyword-competitors,
based on the ranking-keyword-set. If you are evaluating domain A and domain B
has 200% in this column, then domain B is about twice as visible for the
keywords that domain A ranks for in the Top-100.

– In this column we show you the Visibility Index score for each domain, using
only the keywords in the ranking-keyword-set.

– With this, we will use all the keywords – for which the evaluated domain ranks
for in the top100 – on the domain-level for the ranking-keyword-set. We then
compare the domain to the other domains in the competitor-evaluation.

– Instead of using the entire domain for the evaluation, “Hostname” uses only
the host (subdomain like de.wikipedia.org for example) with the highest
visibility. This host is then compared to the hosts of other domains in the
competitors-evaluation.

Every competitor can be individually analysed with a simple mouse click.

Right above the table you’ll find two useful tools that will allow you to
understand how your website is performing in Google, in comparison with specific
competitors.

For the common keywords we take a look at how many keywords these domains have
and how many of those keywords are shared between them. Thanks to this feature
you can examine keyword intersections of up to five domains.

The ranking keywords for the domain are shown as a Venn diagram. Details of the
keywords themselves are shown in the table underneath it.

You can select the desired overlap either by clicking on the graphic or by
selecting the corresponding checkboxes next to it. The keywords selected in this
way are displayed in the table below the graphic.

The list is ordered according to the number of organic clicks, giving you an
ordered view of the most important traffic-generating keywords. By default
you’ll see the following columns.

: The query exactly as it is written in Google. Keywords can be made up of one
or more words or word elements.

: Total number of SERP Features found within the search result pages for this
keyword. (The analysed domains themselves do not necessarily have to rank with
the feature). Click on this button to see more details about the result snippet,
the specific features and the result features.

: Ranking position of the main domain and of the competitor domains for that
keyword.

: Number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the chosen
Country. The Toolbox shows the average monthly traffic (over 12 months) in order
to exclude any seasonal influence.

: This indicator shows the level of competition for the keyword in the organic
Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the
bigger the effort to organically rank for the keyword.

: The type of search intent which is predominant for that keyword. Hover the
mouse over this label to see a detailed overview of all the types of search
intent estimated for the keyword. .

: Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads, if you’d like to get a
paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

: These two buttons located at the end of every row will help you get more data
for the corresponding keyword. The first button will show you more details about
the query (search volume, competition level, CPC), including its search intent
and the SERPs preview. The second button is a link to the SERPs table inside the
Toolbox.

The “Domain Comparison” feature lets you create an overview of the key metrics
for a specific domain and its competitors.

The best performing value is marked in green, and the worst one in red. This
way, you’ll easily find the strengths and weaknesses of your competitors and of
your own domain.

– : Visibility Index rank of the domain (the position of the examined domain
among the most successful domains, ).

– : Estimate of the average monthly traffic that can be generated by the
domain’s ranking keywords.

– : Value of the organic traffic in the paid areas of Google search results ().

– : Number of different rankings for the domain across all countries measured by
SISTRIX.

– : Number of keyword rankings measured in the country.

– : Number of keyword rankings measured in the country on the first Google page
(positions from 1 to 10).

– : If the domain has paid ads, we’ll show you the number of paid keywords here
().

– : Number of different URLs for which the domain has rankings within the
Top-100 results on Google.

– : Amount of unique domains which link to the evaluated domain.

– : Amount of links (backlinks) to the domain which were found by our link
crawler on external domains.

Click on the domain in the heading to reach its overview page, or on the
different metrics to land on the corresponding page in the Toolbox for the
source domain.

The table will show a list of all the keywords for which the initial domain is
ranking. For each ranking you’ll see the of the domain you are evaluating and of
the competitor(s) you added.

Each field will have a shade of either green or red, depending how far apart the
other domains are from the main domain.

If the main domain has the better ranking, the competitor field will have a
shade of . The further apart the two rankings are, the deeper the shade will be.
On the contrary, if the other domains have the better ranking position than the
domain you are evaluating, then the field will be a shade of . If the row is ,
it means that the corresponding domain doesn’t rank within the top-100 results
for that specific keyword.

: The query exactly as it is written in Google. Keywords can be made up of one
or more words or word elements.

: Total number of SERP Features found within the search result pages for this
keyword. (The analysed domains themselves do not necessarily have to rank with
the feature). Click on this button to see more details about the result snippet,
the specific features and the result features.

: Ranking position of the main domain and of the competitor domains for that
keyword.

: Number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the chosen
Country. The Toolbox shows the average monthly traffic (over 12 months) in order
to exclude any seasonal influence.

: This indicator shows the level of competition for the keyword in the organic
Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the
bigger the effort to organically rank for the keyword.

: The type of search intent which is predominant for that keyword. Hover the
mouse over this label to see a detailed overview of all the types of search
intent estimated for the keyword. .

: Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads, if you’d like to get a
paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

: These two buttons located at the end of every row will help you get more data
for the corresponding keyword. The first button will show you more details about
the query (search volume, competition level, CPC), including its search intent
and the SERPs preview. The second button is a link to the SERPs table inside the
Toolbox.

You can add filters to your evaluation and save or load them through the
“Options” menu at the top right corner of the page. There, you can also download
the entire comparison data.

If you want to analyse a keyword further, you’ll just need to click on it and
the Toolbox will take you to its .

