[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
domains/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
domains/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
domains/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
domains/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
domains/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
domains/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
domains/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The “Domain Comparison” feature lets you create an overview of the key metrics
for a specific domain and up to three competitors. Using the colour-coded
results matrix, you can quickly recognize strengths and weaknesses for which you
would like to work on better rankings.

If you click on “” in the domain’s overview page, or if you type up to in the
search bar, the Toolbox will compare the corresponding domains on a separate
page.

The page gives you a quick overview of all the most important performance
indicators for the analysed domains.

If you want to change the domains you are comparing, just click on their filters
above the first box. A text field will appear on the right, where you can select
an old comparison that you already made or create a new one.

This first table shows you the most important values of the compared domains.
The best performing value is marked in green, and the worst one in red. This
way, you’ll easily find the strengths and weaknesses of your competitors and of
your own domain.

– : Visibility Index rank of the domain (the position of the examined domain
among the most successful domains, ).

– : Estimate of the average monthly traffic that can be generated by the
domain’s ranking keywords.

– : Value of the organic traffic in the paid areas of Google search results ().

– : Number of different rankings for the domain across all countries measured by
SISTRIX.

– : Number of keyword rankings measured in the country.

– : Number of keyword rankings measured in the country on the first Google page
(positions from 1 to 10).

– : If the domain has paid ads, we’ll show you the number of paid keywords here
().

– : Number of different URLs for which the domain has rankings within the
Top-100 results on Google.

– : Amount of unique domains which link to the evaluated domain.

– : Amount of links (backlinks) to the domain which were found by our link
crawler on external domains.

Click on the domain in the heading to reach its overview page, or on the
different metrics to land on the corresponding page in the Toolbox for the
source domain.

This box tells you the average search intent of the ranking keywords for the
corresponding domain.

The blue bar shows you right away whether most keywords have a “do”, a “know”, a
“website” or a “visit” intent. If you hover over the bar with your mouse, we
will show you more precise numbers.

Here you can see how the device distribution of the examined domains look like.
What percentage of users come from desktop, mobile or tablet? Hover the mouse
over the bars to see the precise numbers.

How much time passes before the main content of the website is visible to the
user in the browser? Here you can see if the LCP (Largest Contentful Paint)
value of the evaluated domains is quick, average or slow.

Hover the mouse over the bars to see the precise numbers.

This graph shows you a comparison of the visibility history of the evaluated
domains.

The Visibility History allows you to see how organic Google rankings for a
domain, host or a specific URL have developed in time. This way you’ll quickly
recognise trends and changes, and track your SEO success.

Right below the table, you’ll find two useful tools that will allow you to
understand how your website is performing in Google, in comparison with specific
competitors.

The show you which keywords are used by several of the competitors. With the ,
you can see at a glance how the competitors rank for specific keywords.

