[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-
analytics-google-search-console/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-
analytics-google-search-console/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-
analytics-google-search-console/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-analytics-google-search-
console/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-analytics-google-search-
console/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-analytics-google-search-
console/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-analytics-google-search-
console/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

If you connect your SISTRIX account to Google Search Console and/or Google
Analytics, the Toolbox will show you two additional sections where you can get
an overview of those data and combine them with SISTRIX KPIs.

If you linked , you can access your extended Search Console and Analytics data
within the SEO module and have access to a number of key values from the Google
Search Console and Google Analytics.

The menu points “Google Analytics” and “Google Search Console” will appear after
you link the Toolbox to your data and will be available only for that specific
domain in your account. No personal data will be transmitted.

Here you will find your connected shown alongside a number of different metrics
in a graph. The metrics can be changed using the Options right below the graph.
By default, we always show the comparison between the Visibility Index and the
number of visitors on a page. Updates occur weekly, and can be up to 13 days
behind the current date.

When integrating Google Analytics into a webpage the values are also measured
for subdomains, as long as you integrate the same Analytics-Code on those
subdomains.

If you hover the mouse over the chart, the Toolbox will let you see the for that
week.

If you need to focus on a specific period of time, you can into a specific date-
range by holding the mouse button down and selecting the range you would like to
focus on.

Also don’t forget that the at the top right corner of the chart will offer you
even more options and functions. For example, you’ll are able to add an event-
pin to the chart.

Select metrics from the SISTRIX data to be compared with metrics from the domain
Analytics data.

You can also hide the Toolbox metrics from the graph and see only the Google
Analytics data. To do so, select “Hide” from the first drop-down menu.

Here you will find your connected Google Analytics data shown alongside a number
of different metrics as a table. The metrics can be changed using the “Options”
menu right above the table. Updates occur weekly, and can be up to 13 days
behind the current date.

Use the drop-down menu to select the Google Search Console profile that you want
to analyse.

These figures, in the first two boxes on the page, give an overview of totals
and the recent changes for total number of clicks and the click-through-rate,
the impressions and average position from your Google Search Console Data. More
information is shown in the graph and directory break down below.

Note: To view the actual keywords, go to the “Keywords” menu item.

The following two boxes show which devices (mobile, desktop and tablet) and
countries (top three) the traffic is coming from, as reported by Search Console.

To help you monitor progress and changes in traffic we provide you with various
data sets from Google Search Console.

Click, impression, CTR and average position history is shown in this graph. Use
the selectors at the bottom of the graph to focus on one metric.

Here you’ll find the top directories / paths for this domain.

More specifically, you can see the number of impressions with a specific number
of clicks on the different URLs and the number of URLs with a specific click
average. Finally, you can also see the average CTR and position.

The data refer to the entire project and to the different directories of the
website for the selected Country.

