[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-
graph/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-
graph/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-
graph/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-
graph/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-
graph/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-
graph/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-
graph/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The Knowledge Graph data help you understand how Google delimits and ranks
topics in the SERPs. Use this feature to discover new content opportunities for
your website.

In the top right corner of the page, you’ll find general settings for the whole
page.

There you can export the data or share the live page on Social Media.

Click on the cogwheel icon in the table and select the option “” to hide or add
the columns in the table.

Google wants to organise the world’s information, and in order for this to
succeed, Google must understand topics, contexts and connections. The Knowledge
Graph is Google’s database for this.

Thanks to this feature, you can understand how Google in the SERPs. Use this
data to figure out how comprehensively Google understands the topics and to
discover topic opportunities for your content.

  * : The name of the Knowledge Graph entry in Google. Often this is the main keyword, but sometimes it is not. We use the display name in Google here. In a few cases, we only show the Google-internal ID of the entry there.
  * : The keyword of this domain that shows this Knowledge Graph panel with the highest search volume. Name and Top Keyword are often closely related, but not always.
  * : Like Top Keyword, but the ranking URL of the analysed domain.
  * : The total number of keywords of this domain (or directory/ hostname) that show the corresponding Knowledge Graph panel. Clicking on the number takes you directly to the pre-filtered keyword table.
  * : A list of keywords for which the Knowledge Graph panel is displayed, but for which the analysed domain is not currently ranking. It is often worth expanding the content accordingly.

Listing the domain’s ranking keywords, for which a specific Knowledge Graph
panel is displayed, can provide interesting clues about synonyms and related
keywords.

By clicking on the Knowledge Graph panel name, the interface switches to that of
Keyword Discovery where we will then show all keywords from our database that
show the corresponding knowledge panel in the organic results.

The Knowledge Graph opportunities table shows you a list of keywords for which
the Knowledge Graph panel is displayed, but for which the analysed domain is .

As the domain is already ranking for other keywords that show the same Knowledge
Graph, it could be worth creating or expanding its content in order to cover
also these topics.

  * : average monthly organic traffic for the keyword on Google for the chosen country. 

  * : competition level for the keyword in the organic Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

  * : relative seasonal development of the search volume on a month-by-month basis. This allows you to quickly understand whether the search volume for the keyword is higher during specific months.

  * : average click price that you would pay on Google Ads if you want a paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary. 

