[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-
creator/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The section called “Opportunities” will let you know what keywords could your
URLs rank for on of the search results and uncover new keywords that your
competitors rank for, along with , that you may not have considered.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page. For example, you can use the “” to create complex filter combinations, the
data or share them on .

At the top of the table you’ll find the options, that will let you sort and
refine your results in order to see only the ones you need and spare some time.

The table always shows but you can click on the quick filter “” to view the
desktop data.

The green button “” will open a menu on the right side of the screen, where
you’ll be able to select numerous filter combinations that will help you extract
the results you need.

Finally, the cogwheel icon of the table will let you export the data, or add
them in a dashboard or a report. Here you’ll also find the function “” which
allows you to add more interesting columns to the table.

The keyword opportunities table for the given domain contains all the keywords
for which your domain does not rank on the first page of Google’s SERPs but that
could reach it if well optimised. We order these with the highest chance
opportunities at the top.

  * : total number of SERP Features found on the result pages for this keyword. (the analysed domain does not necessarily have to be part of the features) Click on this button to see more details about the result snippet, the specific features and the result features.

  * : estimated traffic that can be expected from the first organic position. In other words, the traffic potential for the best possible ranking for this keyword.

  * : average monthly organic traffic for the keyword on Google for the chosen country. 

  * : competition level for the keyword in the organic Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

  * : The type of search intent which is predominant for that keyword. Hover the mouse over this label to see a detailed overview of all the types of search intent estimated for the keyword. 

  * : These two buttons located at the end of every row will help you get more data for the corresponding keyword. The first button will show you more details about the query (search volume, competition level, CPC), including its search intent and the SERPs preview. The second button is a link to the SERPs table inside the Toolbox.

You can sort the table by other criteria, simply by clicking on the column
headings.

This feature uses all the ranking keywords of the , for which the source-domain
does not have a position in the top-100 Google results.

Besides the , the Toolbox shows you on which the competitors are ranking.
Moreover, you’ll see the , the and the level of that keyword.

Finally, the last two buttons located at the end of every row will help you get
more data for the corresponding keyword. The first button will show you more
details about the query (search volume, competition level, CPC), including its
search intent and the SERPs preview. The second button is a link to the SERPs
table inside the Toolbox.

Click on the column headings to sort the table by other criteria, or select the
button “” to filter the results according to the number of overlaps between all
domains.

