[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
distribution/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
distribution/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
distribution/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
distribution/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
distribution/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
distribution/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
distribution/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The ranking distribution shows you how the for the evaluated domain (respective
the host, directory or URL for detailed-evaluations) are distributed within .
The data can be quickly sorted and exported if needed.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page, in particular:

  * : Choose if you want to see the values in percentages or in absolute values.
  * : The Toolbox provides the most comprehensive data for mobile SERPs, so mobile data are set as default. Here you can switch to the desktop data.
  * : Export the (filtered) table and all of its columns and data as a CSV file. To do this you’ll need to use some .
  * : Share the page with people who don’t have a SISTRIX account. We’ll generate an individual shortlink valid for a few days and that you can share without any limitations.

The column chart right under the option menu shows you how many keywords of the
analysed domain are ranking on the on Google. Page 1 represents ranking
positions 1 to 10, page 2 are positions 11 to 20 and so on until page 10, which
shows the organic positions 91 until 100. Hover the mouse over the columns to
see the keyword percentage (or number) for each page.

You can also use the below the Graph to browse the results for different weeks.
By clicking on the , we will play though the history, beginning at the point the
slider is at that moment.

  * Data-set: Visibility data: 1 million keywords for desktop or mobile

In this graph you can see the throughout the historic data, available for this
domain (respective the host, directory or URL for detailed-evaluations), with
the amount of rankings for each page shown.

You can activate and deactivate each line by checking the to the left of each
row in the table below the graph. By hovering the mouse on the graph, the
Toolbox will show you the percentage (or absolute) values for the domain on that
specific week.

Note that the will give you more options for your analysis.

  * Data-set: Visibility data: 1 million keywords for desktop or mobile

