[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-
intent/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-
intent/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-
intent/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-
intent/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-
intent/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-
intent/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-
intent/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

What goal does a searcher pursue with their search? The SISTRIX Toolbox can help
you to evaluate keywords against search intentions.

Google itself has subdivided the user’s intention into 4 major areas: . You can
learn more about the background and why the search intention for long-term
successful SEO is so important, from .

The four boxes show an overview of the evaluated search intentions of the
keywords ranking for the chosen domain.

  * : A user with a know query would like to know more about a specific topic.

  * : This is about searchers who are, mostly, looking for a local business on their smartphone.

  * : The website queries are search requests in which the user would like to go to a specific website or page on that website.

  * : The user intention “Do” is about the searcher wanting to do something. Frequently it’s to buy something but sometimes it’s a download, install or other active process.

In this table you’ll find all the ranking keywords found for the domain (or
host, directory, URL) along with an estimation of their search intent.

The four main search intentions, , along with the SEO-relevant sub-search
intention Know Simple, are rated for each keyword on a scale from 0 to 100.
Since some keywords cover more than one search intent, there is no
interdependence – so a keyword can receive high values for both Do and Know.

You can also use the to find the keywords with a specific search intent, or
click on the green button “” to select one of the different filter options
available.

