[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

This table will show you how Google displayed your results within their search
engine result pages. The results can be sorted, filtered and exported.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page, in particular:

  * : The “Expert filter” allows you to create complex filter combinations, which you can also save and load.
  * : The Toolbox offers an extended database for mobile SERPs, which is why this is the default option for the table. Here you can also change the data source between desktop and mobile results.
  * : With this button you can export the displayed table, downloading (filtered) keywords and the data contained in every column. .
  * : Share the page with other Toolbox users. You’ll get a personalised shortlink, active for a few days, that you can share without any limitations.

Finally, the cogwheel icon of the table will let you export the data, or add
them in a dashboard or a report. Here you’ll also find the function “” which
allows you to add more interesting columns to the table.

With the help of our filters, you can easily find problematic Snippets.

How filters work: choose one of the suggested or click on the green button “” to
select one of the 20 different filter options available. You can create complex
filter combinations using the .

The button “” takes you to an interface where you can view differences in title
shown in the SERP between two dates for any domain. (more about this feature
below).

The filter “”, for example, will show you keyword/snippet-combinations where the
title is too long to be shown in full within Google’s results. Google will then
shorten the title with “…”, which might cause important information to be lost.

With the filter “” you will find all results where Google does not show the two
possible rows of text within the text-preview, but decided to use only one. This
is another starting point for your snippet optimisation, in order to gain more
traffic from the same ranking positions.

Thanks to this table you’ll be able to improve your SERP-Snippets, as you can
see exactly how they are displayed in Google’s search results pages.

  * : What did the Google Snippet (made up of title, URL and meta-description) look like in the search results?

  * : Did Google show other search integrations (AdWords, Newsbox, etc.) alongside the organic results?

  * : Average monthly organic traffic for the keyword on Google for the chosen country. 

  * : The intensity of competition (difficulty) of ranking for this keyword, on a scale between 0 and 100. The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

  * : Did the search behaviour for this keyword show a seasonal trend?

This feature allows you to track themade by Google for a domain between two
dates.

As a rule, Google uses the content of the HTML title tag of the page for the
title of the organic hit. However, in Google reserves the right to display a
different title than the content of the title tag. This table shows how Google
have changed the SERP title between two dates. Note: It is not a comparison
between SERP and the title tag. That can be done using

  * : The ranking position for that keyword on the start date.

  * : The ranking position for that keyword on the end date.

  * : Differences in SERP title for the URL. The title as seen in the SERPs on date#1 is marked in red, while in green you can see the title which was seen in the search results on date#2.

  * : Average monthly organic traffic for the keyword on Google for the chosen country. 

  * : The intensity of competition (difficulty) of ranking for this keyword, on a scale between 0 and 100. The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

  * : these three buttons located at the end of every row will help you get more data for the corresponding keyword. The first one is a preview of the result in the Google’s SERPs, including Title and Snippet. The second button is a link to the ranking history of the domain for the keyword. Finally, the third button is a link to detailed keyword SERPs, keyword analysis, history, intent, format and other related information.

