[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

When a domain’s ranking URL changes for a keyword, it can indicate that Google
can’t find the best URL for the SERP, causing . The Toolbox includes a URL
Changes feature which shows you the changes contributing to this issue and gives
you detailed information about ranking history for .

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page, in particular:

  * : defines the initial date and the final date to be compared in the table.
  * : the “” allows you to create complex filter combinations, which you can also save and load.
  * : the Toolbox offers an extended database for mobile SERPs, which is why this is the default option for the table. Here you can also change the data source, choosing desktop results.
  * : export the table as a CSV file. To do this you’ll need to use some .
  * : share the page with other Toolbox users. You’ll get a personalised shortlink, active for a few days, that you can share without any limitations.

The filters are placed just above the table and allow you to sort and define the
results.

Open the menu contained in the “” to select one of the following results:

  * : All the domain’s URLs which didn’t rank within the Top-100 results at Date#1 but are now ranking within the Top-100 on Date#2.
  * : All the domain’s URLs which ranked within the Top-100 results at Date#1, but are no longer ranking in the Top-100 on Date#2.

You can use the quick filter “” to see all the results that contain a specific
text. You can also edit the filter to show only the keywords that don’t contain
the specified text.

In this table we help you to identify the rankings of a domain where the best-
ranking URL has changed between two freely definable dates.

  * : ranking position of the first URL (red) for that keyword on the date shown as column header.

  * : ranking position of the second URL (green) for that keyword on the date shown as column header.

  * : Change value between the start and end dates.

  * : URL that was ranking on date #1 and it’s not ranking anymore on date #2.

  * : estimated change in organic clicks for the keyword between the two dates. 

  * : average monthly organic traffic for the keyword on Google for the chosen country. 

  * : competition level for the keyword in the organic Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

  * : Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads if you want a paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

  * : shows the SERPs and other SEO details for that specific keyword.

  * : ranking history for the domain and keyword combination.

To change the dates use the filters placed right above the table.

Finally, the cogwheel icon of the table will let you export the data, or add
them in a dashboard or a report. Here you’ll also find the function “” which
allows you to add more interesting columns to the table.

