

## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-data/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

: The query exactly as it is written in Google. Keywords can be made up of one
or more words or word elements.

: Position of the domain URL for the keyword inside the organic SERPs. It
related only to the organic (SEO) rankings and not Ads or other Google features
and integrations.

If the ranking changed from the previously calculated value, you will see an
indicator of how many positions it has increased or decreased.

The update frequency depends on the specific keyword. To see when the keyword
details were last updated, click on the eye-icon (second last icon) of the table
and scroll down to “Details”. There you will find the date and hour when of the
last update and the update frequency (daily or monthly).

: Position of the domain URL for the keyword inside the organic SERPs. It
related only to the organic (SEO) rankings and not Ads or other Google features
and integrations.

If the ranking changed from the previously calculated value, you will see an
indicator of how many positions it has increased or decreased.

: The exact URL ranking in Google’s results pages. For AMP results the Toolbox
measures only the virtual URL on the domain-target and not the AMP URL on the
Google servers.

If the result has special integrations such as an image preview or a FAQ
extension, its icon will appear just before the URL. Read more about Google SERP
Features .

: Estimated number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the
chosen country. The Toolbox shows the average monthly traffic (over 12 months)
in order to exclude any seasonal influence.

: This indicator shows the level of competition for the keyword in the organic
Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the
bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword.

: Relative seasonal development of the search volume on a month-by-month basis.
This allows you to quickly understand whether the search volume for the keyword
is higher during specific months.

: Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads if you want a paid click
for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

: These three buttons located at the end of every row will help you get more
data for the corresponding keyword. The first one is a preview of the result in
the Google’s SERPs, including Title and Snippet. The second button is a link to
the ranking history of the domain for the keyword. Finally, the third button is
a link to detailed keyword SERPs, keyword analysis, history, intent, format and
other related information.

: Host (or subdomain) that is ranking in the Google search results pages.

: This value shows the percentage-based visibility for the keyword-competitors,
based on the ranking-keyword-set. If you are evaluating domain A and domain B
has 200% in this column, then domain B is about twice as visible for the
keywords that domain A ranks for in the Top-100.

: Shows a rating (1 to 100) for the user intent Know (detailed knowledge about a
particular topic).

: Shows a rating (1 to 100) for the user intent Know Simple (queries that give a
very specific answer, like a fact, diagram, etc.).

: Shows a rating (1 to 100) for the user intent Visit (search requests in which
the user would like to go to a specific place).

: Shows a rating (1 to 100) for the user intent Website (search requests in
which the user wishes to reach a certain website or page on a website).

: Shows a rating (1 to 100) for the user intent Do (accomplishment of a goal or
engagement in an activity, a purchase, sign-up or download).

: Shows a rating (1 to 100) for the user intent Do (accomplishment of a goal or
engagement in an activity, a purchase, sign-up or download).

: An indicator of how the ranking changed compared to the previous crawl.

: Defines the ranking position for that keyword on the end date. Entries that
are empty do not have a ranking in the Top-100 results on Google.

: Defines the ranking position of the first URL (red) for that keyword on the
date shown as column header.

: Defines the ranking position of the second URL (green) for that keyword on the
date shown as column header.

  * (green): All the domain’s rankings that have improved between Date#1 and Date#2.
  * (red): All the domain’s rankings that have worsened between Date#1 and Date#2.
  * (“NEW”): All the keywords for which the domain didn’t rank within the Top-100 results at Date#1 but is now ranking within the Top-100 on Date#2.
  * (“>100”): All keywords for which the domain ranked within the Top-100 results at Date#1, but is no longer ranking in the Top-100 on Date#2.

: An indicator of how the ranking changed compared to the previous week.

For example: +1 indicates that the domain gained 1 ranking position with this
keyword in comparison to last week.

Absolute change in position between the start and end dates.

The terms which have been found in the domain’s keywords ordered according to
their frequency.

The total amount of keywords that contain that term.

Graphic preview of the Visibility Index graph of the domain.

: Titles that have been shortened from Google with “…” will be marked with a red
cross. On the contrary, Titles which are entirely shown in the Google’s search
results are ticked with a green check-mark.

: Meta-Descriptions that have been shortened from Google with “…” will be marked
with a red cross. On the contrary, Snippet Texts which are entirely shown in the
Google’s search results are ticked with a green check-mark.

: Indicates how many lines the Snippet Text has.

: Results with an Action Menu will be ticked with a green check-mark, while
those that don’t have it with a red cross. See this article for the SERPs
features definitions

: Results with an Mini Sitelinks will be ticked with a green check-mark, while
those that don’t have it with a red cross. See this article for the SERPs
features definitions

: Results with Rating will be ticked with a green check-mark, while those that
don’t have it with a red cross.

: Video Results will be ticked with a green check-mark, while those that don’t
have it with a red cross.

: Recipe Results will be ticked with a green check-mark, while those that don’t
have it with a red cross.

: Forum Results will be ticked with a green check-mark, while those that don’t
have it with a red cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows AdWords, the
result will be ticked with a green check-mark. If not, with a red cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows a Featured
Snippet, the result will be ticked with a green check-mark. If not, with a red
cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows one or more
image boxes, the result will be ticked with a green check-mark. If not, with a
red cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows one or more
news boxes, the result will be ticked with a green check-mark. If not, with a
red cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows a knowledge
graph, the result will be ticked with a green check-mark. If not, with a red
cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows a map
integration, the result will be ticked with a green check-mark. If not, with a
red cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows one or more
Google Shopping integrations, the result will be ticked with a green check-mark.
If not, with a red cross.

: If the Google’s results page in which the URL is ranking shows a direct
answer, the result will be ticked with a green check-mark. If not, with a red
cross.

: Number of keywords for which a question is displayed in the Google search.

: After one click on the button “View domain” to the right of the URL we’ll show
a sidebar which with information about the current Visibility Index (mobile, as
well as desktop) the total number of ranking keywords and the Visibility Index
graph for the last 12 months. If the sidebar is already open, you only need to
hold the mouse over further lines to get the same data for those domains.

Lists in SISTRIX help you group, manage and analyse sets of domains or keywords.
This is especially important for project work such as the analysis of keyword
clusters or of the competitive environment and the regular export of CSV files.

: This value indicates the keyword in your list that generates the most clicks.
You can also see the number of keywords in your list for which this URL ranks in
the top 10 or top 100 search results.

: the number of keywords in your list for which this URL ranks in the top 10
search results.

: the number of keywords in your list for which this URL ranks in the top 100
search results.

: Estimated traffic that can be expected from the first organic position. In
other words, the traffic potential for the best possible ranking for this
keyword.

: Opportunity level of the keyword. The longer the blue bar is, the better
chance the URL has to reach the Top-10 if optimised.

Number of keywords ranking within the Top-10 results (first search result page)
on Google for the examined country. For this evaluation we use the extended
database. Click on the number to go directly to the keywords table.

Number of keywords ranking within the Top-100 results (first 10 search result
pages) on Google for the examined country. For this evaluation we use the
extended database. Click on the number to go directly to the keywords table.

Number of keywords ranking within the Top-10 results (first search result page)
on Google for the examined country. For this evaluation we use the extended
database.

Number of keywords ranking within the Top-100 results (first 10 search result
pages) on Google for the examined country. For this evaluation we use the
extended database.

: The best keyword for the respective URL, which means the keyword that
generates the most organic clicks for this URL. This data is updated about every
five minutes.

: The URL that was ranking on date #1.

: The URL that was ranking on date #2.

: Positionof the domain (or host, directory, URL) you are evaluating for each
ranking keyword.

: Position of the first competitor for each ranking keyword. Entries that are
empty do not have a ranking in the Top-100 results on Google.

: Position of the second competitor for each ranking keyword. Entries that are
empty do not have a ranking in the Top-100 results on Google.

: Position of the third competitor for each ranking keyword. Entries that are
empty do not have a ranking in the Top-100 results on Google.

: Position of the fourth competitor for each ranking keyword. Entries that are
empty do not have a ranking in the Top-100 results on Google.

: Position of the fifth competitor for each ranking keyword. Entries that are
empty do not have a ranking in the Top-100 results on Google.

: Position of the sixth competitor for each ranking keyword. Entries that are
empty do not have a ranking in the Top-100 results on Google.

: Google Snippet (made up of title, URL and meta-description) exactly as it’s
shown in the search results.

: Did Google show other search features or integrations (Ads, News box, etc.)
alongside the organic results? If so, they will be coloured in blue. Hover the
mouse over the icons to see more information.

: Total number of SERP Features found on the result pages for this keyword. (the
analysed domain does not necessarily have to be part of the features) Click on
this button to see more details about the result snippet, the specific features
and the result features.

: Here we show you how each URL contributes to the total visibility of the
domain. The value is based on an evaluation of all ranking keywords in the
extended database. By using the extended database we can provide more
information for domains that have a small Visibility Index.

: Here we show you how each URL contributes to the total visibility of the list.
The value is based on an evaluation of all ranking keywords in the extended
database. By using the extended database we can provide more information for
domains that have a small Visibility Index.

: Visibility of the domain for this keyword set. (Per mille.)

: It shows how strong the domain is compared to the strongest domain in the list
(in %).

: The type of the SERP integrations, sorted according to how often they appear
in the SERPs for the domain’s ranking keyword.

: The different SERP integrations are sorted according to how often they appear
in the SERPs for the domain’s ranking keyword. Near the SERP Feature, you’ll see
the amount of different keywords for which the domain ranks as a numerical and
graphical representation.

: The type of SERP Feature where the domain is ranking for the keyword.

: Select the right keywords and add them to a list by clicking on the menu
“Select action”, right above the first column.

: The Title and the Meta-Description as they are stored on the website.

: The most common variations that exist for the combination of the title and
snippet for this URL in the Google SERPs. We’ll show you the most important
combination first, but you can view other combinations by scrolling.

: Differences in SERP title for the URL. The title as seen in the SERPs on
date#1 is marked in red, while in green you can see the title which was seen in
the search results on date#2.

: The ranking position for that keyword on the start date.

: The ranking position for that keyword on the end date.

: The title shown by Google on the start date.

: The title shown by Google on the the end date.

: The name of the Knowledge Graph entry in Google. Often this is the main
keyword, but sometimes it is not. We use the display name in Google here. In a
few cases, we only show the Google-internal ID of the entry there.

: The keyword of this domain that shows this Knowledge Graph panel with the
highest search volume. Name and Top Keyword are often closely related, but not
always.

: The URL of the analysed domain that shows this Knowledge Graph panel.

: The total number of keywords of this domain (or directory/ hostname) that show
the corresponding Knowledge Graph panel. Clicking on the number takes you
directly to the pre-filtered keyword table.

: A list of keywords for which the Knowledge Graph panel is displayed, but for
which the analysed domain is not currently ranking. It is often worth expanding
the content accordingly.

: average monthly organic traffic for the keyword on Google for the chosen
country.

: competition level for the keyword in the organic Google Index: 0 (low) until
100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to
organically rank for the keyword. .

: relative seasonal development of the search volume on a month-by-month basis.
This allows you to quickly understand whether the search volume for the keyword
is higher during specific months.

: average click price that you would pay on Google Ads if you want a paid click
for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

: The e-mail address of the user. Alongside every name you should use an active,
personal email address. All profiles in an account must use an email addresses
from the same domain name. Please don’t use generic email accounts such as
support, student, etc.

: Real full name and last name of the user.

The admin is the main user of the account. If the selected SISTRIX package
allows additional users, the admin-account can activate, manage and deactivate
profiles.

Normal profiles have access to the same data as the admin-account, but they
can’t manage the permissions of the other users. For specific projects inside
the tool, you can also add external users so that they have access only to those
specific features (for example to an Onpage project).

: Last access date/time of the user in the SISTRIX Toolbox.

: Change the name or the e-mail address of an account.

: Domain name for which the event pin has been set.

: Shows whether the event pin is global or refers to a specific country. To
change these settings click on the last column (“Edit”).

: Change the settings of the event pin (name, description, date, Countries,
etc.).

: Amount of credits used for the download. to find out more about credits in the
Toolbox.

: Domain, host, path or URL added to the list.

: Is the item added to the list a domain, host, path or URL? This information is
useful if you created a list with mixed elements.

: Click on the pencil icon at the end of each row to edit the corresponding
item. If you want to delete one or more items from the list, tick the box at the
left of the “Type” column and select the entries to delete: the option will
appear just above the table.

If the value “Link (from)” contains the word “Onpage” instead of a URL, the
broken link is located in the sitemap of the website.

: The anchor text of the link. Entries that are empty do not have an anchor
text. This can happen when pictures without a title-attribute are used as the
link-anchor.

: Highest Visibility Index value, across all countries, of the linking host and
the corresponding country. This allows you to quickly understand how big the
linking domain is.

: This column shows whether the link is a text link, image link (or both),
301-Redirect, 302-Redirect, Canonical Tag or Meta-Refresh.

: Indicates whether the link has been set as follow (1/ Yes) or nofollow (0/
No), or whether the crawler wasn’t able to detect this (-1/ empty).

: Highest Visibility Index value, across all countries, of the linking domain
and the corresponding country. This allows you to quickly understand how big the
linking domain is.

): Country to which the Visibility Index of the linking domain refers.

: Country to which the Visibility Index of the linking host refers.

: Amount of unique domains which link to the domain.

: Amount of unique hosts (subdomains) which link to the domain.

: Amount of unique IP-addresses which link to the domain.

: Amount of unique class-c networks which link to the domain.

: most recent date on which the link was found. (This is no the date on which
the link was made.)

: Number of links sent from the linking host to the competitor-domain you added.

: First time the technology was discovered for the host.

: Last time the technology was found for the host.

: Value of the link given from the LinkRating crawler according to its
characteristics (“Notes”).

: Specific characteristics of the linking page which affect the value of the
link.

: Is the link placed inside the content or in other parts of the page (footer,
navigation)?

: If the Anchor Text is a money keyword, how much is the average click price
that you would pay on Google Ads for that keyword?

: Is the link contained in a Disavow file? Note that you have to upload a
Disavow file to see this value.

: Number of incoming links of the linking domain.

: Time (in milliseconds) needed from the link to open.

: Exact URL which is ranking in Google’s results pages.

: The main keyword on which the project is based. From this main topic the
planner has collected directly related topic clusters.

: The individual tags given to the project. Hover the mouse over the projects
and click on “Add tags” to add new tags.

The SISTRIX Content Assistant will help you create perfectly optimised content
for your online posts. Based on your keyword-set, and content that is already
successful in Google, you’ll get suggestions that will make it easier, and
quicker to achieve the best possible content.

After important Google updates, relaunches or other changes to the website, you
want to immediately evaluate changes in the rankings and the associated effects
on visibility. With the SERP updates at the push of a button, this is now
possible in SISTRIX. You can see the age of the displayed SERPs next to each
keyword and you can load fresh data by clicking on Update.

: The date on which we checked the SERP updates.

: The number of SERP updates requested by the user. This concerns the update of
keywords in lists or tables, for example.

: The number of SERP update requests that were carried out automatically.

: The sum of manual and automatic SERP requests.

: Name of the Onpage project which has been crawled.

: Number of SERP updates calculated on a daily, weekly or monthly basis. We
calculate 31 SERP updates for daily requests, five for weekly requests and one
for monthly requests.

: Total number of SERP updates performed for you in the current billing period.

: Shows if the crawling has been automatically or manually activated.

: Number of URLs which could be crawled before this specific crawling.

: Number of URLs crawled during this specific project.

: Number of URLs left after the crawling of this project and which can be used
for the next project’s crawling.

: Shows if the crawling was completed regularly, if it was interrupted or if the
number of URL credits was not sufficient to finish it.

: Total number of errors, warnings, or notices found by our SISTRIX crawler for
this project.

: Absolute change in the amount of issues between the last crawl and the one
before.

: Historical development of the absolute changes across the different crawls.

1 Kilobyte = 1,024 Bytes1 Megabyte = 1,024 Kilobytes = 1,048,576 Bytes

: Charset (or Character Set) of the page (for example: UTF-8).

: HTTP-Statuscode shown by the page to the SISTRIX crawler (301, 200, 404, etc.)

: How many clicks away from the project homepage (level 0) is this page in the
project domain.

: Number of internal links found from the crawler on this page.

: Number of external links found from the crawler on this page.

: Shows whether the page has been set as Index (1) or Noindex (0), or whether
the crawler wasn’t able to detect this (-1).

: Shows the AMP page, if present. For AMP results the Toolbox measures only the
virtual URL on the domain-target and not the AMP URL on the Google servers.

[HTML headings: How do they work and why do I need
them?](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/column-
data/<https:/www.sistrix.com/ask-sistrix/onpage-optimisation/html-headings>)

: From which source does the result come from? It can be the Onpage crawler
(“Onpage”), SEO Module, Link Module, Social Module or Search Console.

: This column shows whether the link is internal or external.

: Type of resource (CSS file, JavaScript file or image).

: URL where the resource has been found.

: Number of clicks generated from the URL.

: You can choose between more than 360 Country/language combinations.

: More than 10 000 cities are available for local rankings. While we monitor
search results nationwide, you can use this setting to evaluate local SERPs.

: With an Onpage project you can check desktop, tablet or Smartphone results.

: Here you can choose how often your keywords should be monitored. Depending on
the setting, you will be charged a different amount of keyword credits.

: Besides Google, you can also monitor your rankings on Bing, Yahoo and Yandex.

: Tags help you to organise your keywords. You can also analyse your competitors
according to specific tags and see a project-tag Visibility Index.

: View the keyword details, position history and the SERPs collected for that
keyword.

: SISTRIX will now help you by assigning a URL score to each crawled URL. This
works similarly to Google’s PageRank, but only considers internal links – pages
that are often linked internally have a high URL score. Pages with few internal
links have a low score.

: URLs whose content is very similar to the source-URL.

: Shows whether the page has been set as Index (1) or Noindex (0), or whether
the crawler wasn’t able to detect the Xrobots Tag (-1).

: Shows whether the page has been set as Follow (1) or Nofollow (0), or whether
the crawler wasn’t able to detect the Xrobots Tag (-1).

: Number of URLs or resources found by the Onpage crawler for this issue.

: Check the HTML source code of the URL using the official Nu Html Checker.

: Shows whether the Ad comes from Google Ads or Google Shopping.

: Estimated number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the
chosen country.

: This indicator shows the level of competition for the keyword: 0 (low) until
100 (extremely high).

: Seasonal relative development of the search volume on a monthly scale.

: Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads, if you’d like to get a
paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

: Position of the Ad inside Google’s search results pages (side, above, below).

: Text, link and Display-URL of all Ads we found for the analysed domain,
exactly as they appear in Google’s search results pages.

: Total number of paid keywords for a specific Ad.

Thanks to this option you’ll be able to go back in time and find out how the
paid keywords and the ads of the website developed over the years. If you don’t
choose a date, the Toolbox will show the data for the current week. The keyword
history can vary according to the selected data source (for example, mobile or
desktop data).

: Does the content of the page jump around during its loading? And, if yes, how
far are the elements moved?

Besides the actual values, you can also see their distribution according to
Google’s performance expectations. The green bar shows the percent of users
where the value was considered positive, the yellow bar indicates the values
which need improvement and finally the red bar shows the poor results.

: How quickly the user can interact with the page (milliseconds).

Besides the actual values, you can also see their distribution according to
Google’s performance expectations. The green bar shows the percent of users
where the value was considered positive, the yellow bar indicates the values
which need improvement and finally the red bar shows the poor results.

: How much time passes before the main content of the website is visible to the
user in the browser (milliseconds).

Besides the actual values, you can also see their distribution according to
Google’s performance expectations. The green bar shows the percent of users
where the value was considered positive, the yellow bar indicates the values
which need improvement and finally the red bar shows the poor results.

: Besides Google, you can also monitor your rankings on Bing, Yahoo and Yandex.

: Here you can choose whether keywords should be monitored weekly or daily. The
daily monitoring costs 5 keyword-credits, while the weekly monitoring costs 1
keyword-credit.

: Tags help you to organise your keywords. You can also analyse your competitors
according to specific tags and see a project-tag Visibility Index.

: Estimated number of organic clicks per month for the keyword for this specific
ranking. Search volume alone is no longer meaningful. Depending on the search
intention and thus the SERP layout, a very different proportion of searchers
click on organic hits. We take this into account here and analyse how many
organic clicks occur on average per month.

: Estimated change in organic clicks for the keyword between the two dates. This
value can change according to the domain’s rankings.

: Amount of individual URLs for which this hostname/directory is found to have a
ranking within Google’s Top 10 searchresults

: Amount of individual URLs for which this hostname/directory is found to have a
ranking within Google’s Top 100 searchresults

: Amount of individual URLs for which this domain (or host, path, URL) is found
to have a ranking within Google’s Top 10 searchresults

: Amount of individual URLs for which this domain (or host, path, URL) is found
to have a ranking within Google’s Top 100 searchresults

: A preview of the search result made up of Title, URL and description. The
searched keyword is highlighted in bold.

: Visibility Index value of the domain referred to the country-market symbolised
by the flag-icon.

: Current Visibility Index value of the domain referred to the country-market
symbolised by the flag-icon.

: Current Visibility Index value of the domain or hostname.

: Current Visibility Index value of the domain, hostname, path or URL added to
the list.

: Position of the domain according to its visibility on Google for that country.

: Number of organic rankings of the result across all Countries.

: Number of Facebook social signals for the result. Here we count the total
number of likes, shares, and comments for the URL.

: Scope of the Cookie, defined by the domain and path attributes. The scope
tells the browser what website the cookie belongs to.

: It indicates whether the cookie has a Secure attribute (1) or not (0). The
Secure attribute is meant to keep cookie communication limited to encrypted
transmission.

: It indicates whether the cookie has a HttpOnly attribute. An HttpOnly cookie
cannot be accessed by client-side APIs, such as JavaScript.

: It indicates whether the cookie has a SameSite attribute. The SameSite options
are: “Strict” (the browser sends the cookie only for same-site requests), “Lax”
(the cookie is sent when a user is navigating to the origin site from an
external site) and “None” (the browser sends the cookie with both cross-site and
same-site requests).

: It indicates whether the technology is still being used by the website or not.

: An evaluation of the search intents for the selected keyword. Hover the mouse
over it to see all the values.

  * Know: The Know, or Informational search intent, means that the searcher is looking to expand their knowledge on a specific topic. Information about simple knowledge queries is delivered directly to the SERPs (“Know Simple”).
  * Do: The transactional search intent. The user intention “Do” is about the searcher wanting to do something. Frequently it’s to buy something but sometimes it’s a download, install or other active process.
  * Website: These are search requests by searcher simply looking for a website. They may not rememebr the correct name, or the full domain name. It may also include a product search with the brand name included.
  * Visit: This is about searchers who are, mostly, looking for a local business on their smartphone. These searches often trigger the Google Maps feature in the SERP.

: The type of search intent which is predominant for that keyword. Hover the
mouse over this label to see a detailed overview of all the types of search
intent estimated for the keyword.

  * Know: The Know, or Informational search intent, means that the searcher is looking to expand their knowledge on a specific topic. Information about simple knowledge queries is delivered directly to the SERPs (“Know Simple”).
  * Do: The transactional search intent. The user intention “Do” is about the searcher wanting to do something. Frequently it’s to buy something but sometimes it’s a download, install or other active process.
  * Website: These are search requests by searcher simply looking for a website. They may not rememebr the correct name, or the full domain name. It may also include a product search with the brand name included.
  * Visit: This is about searchers who are, mostly, looking for a local business on their smartphone. These searches often trigger the Google Maps feature in the SERP.

: Types of SERP-Features found for the keyword. Hover the mouse over the icons
to see more information.

: The search volume indicates roughly how often a keyword is searched per month.
We usually update this value on a monthly basis.

: The annual average of the monthly search volume.

: The Amazon competition shows how many products are ranked for this keyword.
The value is a number between 0 (low) and 100 (extremely high).

: Keyword for which the seller is ranking with at least one product.

: The best position (not sponsored) of a seller’s product for this keyword.

: The best position (sponsored) of a seller’s product for this keyword.

: The best position of a seller’s product for this keyword.

: Approximate number of results which compete for this keyword. The value is a
number between 0 (low) and 100 (extremely high).

: Go to the Amazon Ranking History for this keyword.

: A keyword that ranks for at least one product that the selected product
recommends.

: Number of products that recommend the selected product and have a ranking for
this keyword.

: A keyword that was found through at least one keyword search, with the help of
one of the 10 product’s keywords with the highest traffic.

: Metric that specifies how many of the keyword searches (which were generated
with the help of one of the up to 10 product’s keywords with the highest
traffic) found this keyword.

: This column indicates whether the selected seller has a buybox for this
product.

: The price of the product from the selected seller.

: The category to which the product is assigned by Amazon, or the category
according to which you have filtered the results in the table.

: The bestseller rank of the Amazon category of the product, or the bestseller
rank of the category according to which you have filtered the results in the
table.

: Percentage share of the product in comparison to the brand/seller’s Visibility
Index.

: The Visibility Index of the corresponding product, seller or brand.

: Direct link to the detailed view of the product.

: Average number of reviews per day for the product, since the date it was
posted on Amazon.

: Number of offers for the product labelled as “New”.

: The date when the product has been listed on Amazon.

: Number of buyers who rated the product as “too small”.

: Number of buyers who rated the product as “moderately small”.

: Number of buyers who rated the product as “true to size”.

: Number of buyers who rated the product as “moderately large”.

: Number of buyers who rated the product as “too large”.

: The bestseller rank of the product in the category “clothing”.

: The ASIN of the product for which this review was written.

: The description of the product’s variant for which this review has been
written.

: The name of the user who wrote this review.

: This field indicates whether this review was written by someone who has proven
to have purchased the product.

: The number of users who found this review helpful.

: One word from the title of the reviews (no distinction between upper and lower
case).

: Number of reviews which contain the word in their title.

: Click here to see all reviews which contain the corresponding word in their
title (no distinction between upper and lower case).

: One word from the text of the reviews (no distinction between upper and lower
case).

: Number of reviews which contain the word in their text.

: Click here to see all reviews which contain the corresponding word in their
text (no distinction between upper and lower case).

: Name of the corresponding product, seller, brand or category.

: Number of products that the seller offers in this category and that we have
assigned to this seller. For the latter, the seller must either be represented
on the product page with an offer or, in the case of highly competitive
products, it has to be found on the first offer page.

: Percentage of buybox offers compared to the offers found by the seller in this
category.

: We calculate a value that should reflect the degree of recommendation in
percent. The value lies between 0 (no recommendation) and 100 (strong
recommendation) and is calculated from several factors, for example:

  * Is the number of words in the range recommended by Amazon?

: Number of products of the brand in this category and which we have assigned to
this brand. For the latter, we need to have entered the product page at least
once.

: Number of keywords in which the product, seller or brand appears.

: Ranking of the Visibility Index value of the product, seller or brand.

: The brand that is ranking for one or more keyword of the given keyword list.

: The brand that is ranking for one or more keyword of the given product list.

: The seller that is ranking for one or more keyword of the given keyword list.

: The seller that is ranking for one or more keyword of the given keyword list.

: The market share of the sellers in the keyword set. The first figure indicates
how visible the seller is for this product set. (in %) The second, blue bar,
shows how strong the seller is compared to the strongest seller in the list.

: The market share of the sellers in the product set. The first figure indicates
how visible the seller is for this product set. (in %) The second, blue bar,
shows how strong the seller is compared to the strongest seller in the list.

: The market share of the brands in the keyword set. The first figure indicates
how visible the brand is for this product set. (in %) The second, blue bar,
shows how strong the brand is compared to the strongest brand in the list.

: The market share of the brands in the product set. The first figure indicates
how visible the brand is for this product set. (in %) The second, blue bar,
shows how strong the brand is compared to the strongest brand in the list.

: Number of keywords for which the brand/seller is ranking within the Top-100
results on Amazon.

: Number of keywords for which the brand/seller is ranking within the Top-10
results on Amazon.

: Number of products that each brand or seller has for the list.

Here you’ll find the keywords that form the list, and the related data for these
keywords. Click on a column head to sort via that column, or add a filter for
that column using the “” features.

  * Keyword – The query exactly as it is written in Google.
  * Search Volume – Monthly average search volume for the keyword.
  * Competition – This indicator shows the level of competition for the keyword in the organic Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword.
  * Trend – Relative seasonal development of the search volume on a month-by-month basis. This allows you to quickly understand whether the search volume for the keyword is higher during specific months.
  * CPC – Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads if you want a paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-domains/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
domains/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
domains/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
domains/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
domains/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
domains/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
domains/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
domains/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The “Domain Comparison” feature lets you create an overview of the key metrics
for a specific domain and up to three competitors. Using the colour-coded
results matrix, you can quickly recognize strengths and weaknesses for which you
would like to work on better rankings.

If you click on “” in the domain’s overview page, or if you type up to in the
search bar, the Toolbox will compare the corresponding domains on a separate
page.

The page gives you a quick overview of all the most important performance
indicators for the analysed domains.

If you want to change the domains you are comparing, just click on their filters
above the first box. A text field will appear on the right, where you can select
an old comparison that you already made or create a new one.

This first table shows you the most important values of the compared domains.
The best performing value is marked in green, and the worst one in red. This
way, you’ll easily find the strengths and weaknesses of your competitors and of
your own domain.

– : Visibility Index rank of the domain (the position of the examined domain
among the most successful domains, ).

– : Estimate of the average monthly traffic that can be generated by the
domain’s ranking keywords.

– : Value of the organic traffic in the paid areas of Google search results ().

– : Number of different rankings for the domain across all countries measured by
SISTRIX.

– : Number of keyword rankings measured in the country.

– : Number of keyword rankings measured in the country on the first Google page
(positions from 1 to 10).

– : If the domain has paid ads, we’ll show you the number of paid keywords here
().

– : Number of different URLs for which the domain has rankings within the
Top-100 results on Google.

– : Amount of unique domains which link to the evaluated domain.

– : Amount of links (backlinks) to the domain which were found by our link
crawler on external domains.

Click on the domain in the heading to reach its overview page, or on the
different metrics to land on the corresponding page in the Toolbox for the
source domain.

This box tells you the average search intent of the ranking keywords for the
corresponding domain.

The blue bar shows you right away whether most keywords have a “do”, a “know”, a
“website” or a “visit” intent. If you hover over the bar with your mouse, we
will show you more precise numbers.

Here you can see how the device distribution of the examined domains look like.
What percentage of users come from desktop, mobile or tablet? Hover the mouse
over the bars to see the precise numbers.

How much time passes before the main content of the website is visible to the
user in the browser? Here you can see if the LCP (Largest Contentful Paint)
value of the evaluated domains is quick, average or slow.

Hover the mouse over the bars to see the precise numbers.

This graph shows you a comparison of the visibility history of the evaluated
domains.

The Visibility History allows you to see how organic Google rankings for a
domain, host or a specific URL have developed in time. This way you’ll quickly
recognise trends and changes, and track your SEO success.

Right below the table, you’ll find two useful tools that will allow you to
understand how your website is performing in Google, in comparison with specific
competitors.

The show you which keywords are used by several of the competitors. With the ,
you can see at a glance how the competitors rank for specific keywords.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-keywords/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
keywords/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
keywords/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
keywords/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
keywords/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
keywords/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
keywords/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
keywords/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

During your keyword research you may want to compare similar keywords or search
combinations to quickly check their KPIs. This SISTRIX feature allows you to
compare up to 7 keywords for their most important metrics.

With this feature you can easily compare and visualise relevant key figures for
up to 7 keywords. To reach it, simply enter the keywords, each separated by a
comma, into the search bar.

  * The most important key figures such as search volume, clicks, CPC and competition

The keywords will be shown at the top of the page. To change or add new keywords
to the comparison, click on one of them and use the text-field on the right of
the screen, where you can also select a different country (“Show details”).

This table offers you a quick overview of the most important KPIs of the
analysed keywords:

  * : Number of monthly search queries for each keyword on Google for the chosen country. SISTRIX shows the average monthly traffic (over 12 months) in order to exclude any seasonal influence. 

  * : Number of organic clicks for each keyword. Depending on the SERP structure, this value can strongly differ from the search volume. 

  * : Here we show you the competition level for each keyword in the organic Google Index using a number between 0 and 100. The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

  * : The average click price that you would pay on Google Ads, if you’d like to get a paid click for each keyword. .

The search intent shows you with the search query. As far as search intent is
concerned, Google differentiates between the following four types:

: A user with a know query would like to know more about a specific topic. This
type of query can be answered within one of the search result’s websites or they
can be displayed in a relatively small amount of space the size of a mobile
phone screen (Know Simple).

: The user intention “Do” is about the searcher wanting to do something.
Frequently it is to buy something but it can also be a download, install or
other active process.

: The website queries are search requests in which the user would like to go to
a specific website or page on that website. Many users type in a domain name,
URL or brand directly on Google, without using the browser.

: This is about searchers who are, mostly, looking for a local business on their
smartphone. Usually this type of search intent is answered with Google Maps.

In this box you can see how the device distribution of the examined keywords
looks like. Is this keyword mostly searched for on ? You should plan your
content according to this distribution value.

This box will help you estimate the search volume percentage of each keyword in
the countries analysed by SISTRIX, showing the ones where this KPI is higher.

Basically, we show the top-2 countries with the highest search volume
percentage. The rest of the countries are summed up and shown as “Others”.

Here you will find an overview of the search volume of the searched keywords in
the analysed country.

The graph shows you the search volume over time so that you can recognise
seasonal trends at a glance. If you move your mouse over the graph, you can see
the monthly average of the search volume.

Here we show you the most recent screenshot of Google’s first result page for
the searched keywords.

This way, you’ll immediately see which organic results and integrations are
ranking on the page without having to browse it yourself.

The screenshot always refers to the mobile version of the SERP.

Here you will find an overview of the search volume of the searched keywords in
the countries for which SISTRIX collects data.

First you’ll see the sum of all countries’ search volume. After that, the
countries are sorted by search volume in descending order. Click on one of the
keywords to change the order of the countries.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-snippet

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-
creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Google doesn’t always show the Title and Meta-Description you set for your
result. With the feature “Compare Snippet” in the SEO Module you can check how
the Snippets of your website appear in the SERPs. below.

To know more about why Google creates its own Title and Meta-Description for a
website, please read .

Use this option to the results in certain parts of the URLs of a domain. This is
especially useful to analyse the Snippets of a specific directory or the URLs
which contain a specific word.

This table is made up of two sections. In the you can see the metadata ​​as they
are stored on the website. Our web crawlers regularly visit all the URLs we know
and read both the Title and the Meta-Description from the website’s source code.

you will find the that exist for the combination of the title and snippet for
this URL in the Google SERPs. In the vast majority of cases, Google adapts the
description and, more rarely, the Title so that the searcher’s intention is
better represented.

We’ll show you the most important combination first, but you can view other
combinations by scrolling. Above the snippet you can see an example keyword for
which this version is displayed. With one click on the keyword you can jump into
the keyword table and see all keywords for this Snippet.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-visibility-index/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
visibility-index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
visibility-index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-
visibility-index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/compare-visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

In the SISTRIX Toolbox you can compare the visibility index of up to six
domains, hostnames, directories or URLs, using both desktop and mobile data.
This is especially helpful to find out the strengths and weaknesses of your
competitors.

Every chart showing the Visibility Index history has aat its top right corner.
If you click on it, you’ll open an option menu containing many different
features for the Visibility Index. Among these options, you can use the feature
“” to compare the chart with one or more domains, hostnames, paths or URLs (up
to six in total).

Add the domains (hostnames, paths or URLs) in the search slot and select the for
the visibility data. Note that, by selecting only the Country (for example
“UK”), the Visibility Index will refer to desktop data. If you want to compare
the mobile Visibility Index, you’ll have to select “UK – mobile” from the list.
Finally, click on the green button “Compare” to begin your analysis.

The graphs shows the Visibility Index for two or more domains. Up to 6 domains
can be added. This is useful for comparing domains, hosts, directories and URLs
across countries and across mobile and desktop indexes.

You can zoom into a specific date-range by holding the mouse button down and
selecting the range you would like to focus on. Also note the numerous options
available through the cogwheel in the top right hand corner of this box. There
you can, for example, change the domains compared in the chart.

This table shows you the Visibility Index value of every single domain (or
hostname, path or URL) compared in the chart, as well as the corresponding
crawling date, for the last 12 months.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-
creator/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/competitors/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The SISTRIX Toolbox will quickly list close competitors, visualise relationships
and allow you to analyse down to keyword level. The data can be also filtered
and exported for a later use.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page, in particular:

  * : the Toolbox offers an extended database for mobile SERPs, which is why this is the default option for the table. Here you can also change the data source, choosing between desktop results or your own Optimizer competitors.
  * : export the table as a CSV file. To do this you’ll need to use some .
  * : share the page with other Toolbox users. You’ll get a personalised shortlink, active for a few days, that you can share without any limitations.

The different colored dots in this chart represent domains that we have
identified as competitors for the domain.

  * The further to the right a point is, the of the domain.
  * The higher up, the for which this domain ranks.
  * The size of the dots indicates generates according to our estimates.

In the list below the interactive diagram, using the checkboxes in front of each
domain name.

At a glance it becomes clear who are , but also with which competitors a direct
comparison might not even make sense.

To ensure that domains like wikipedia.org (with a visibility index of over 7,000
points) are not included in every chart, reducing the informative value, we have
initially hidden the very large domains.

Based on the keywords ranking in the Top-100 from our for the domain under
evaluation, we will show you other domains which also have rankings for this
keyword-set. These domains are the strongest keyword-competitors for the domain
you are evaluating.

– This value shows the percentage-based visibility for the keyword-competitors,
based on the ranking-keyword-set. If you are evaluating domain A and domain B
has 200% in this column, then domain B is about twice as visible for the
keywords that domain A ranks for in the Top-100.

– In this column we show you the Visibility Index score for each domain, using
only the keywords in the ranking-keyword-set.

– With this, we will use all the keywords – for which the evaluated domain ranks
for in the top100 – on the domain-level for the ranking-keyword-set. We then
compare the domain to the other domains in the competitor-evaluation.

– Instead of using the entire domain for the evaluation, “Hostname” uses only
the host (subdomain like de.wikipedia.org for example) with the highest
visibility. This host is then compared to the hosts of other domains in the
competitors-evaluation.

Every competitor can be individually analysed with a simple mouse click.

Right above the table you’ll find two useful tools that will allow you to
understand how your website is performing in Google, in comparison with specific
competitors.

For the common keywords we take a look at how many keywords these domains have
and how many of those keywords are shared between them. Thanks to this feature
you can examine keyword intersections of up to five domains.

The ranking keywords for the domain are shown as a Venn diagram. Details of the
keywords themselves are shown in the table underneath it.

You can select the desired overlap either by clicking on the graphic or by
selecting the corresponding checkboxes next to it. The keywords selected in this
way are displayed in the table below the graphic.

The list is ordered according to the number of organic clicks, giving you an
ordered view of the most important traffic-generating keywords. By default
you’ll see the following columns.

: The query exactly as it is written in Google. Keywords can be made up of one
or more words or word elements.

: Total number of SERP Features found within the search result pages for this
keyword. (The analysed domains themselves do not necessarily have to rank with
the feature). Click on this button to see more details about the result snippet,
the specific features and the result features.

: Ranking position of the main domain and of the competitor domains for that
keyword.

: Number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the chosen
Country. The Toolbox shows the average monthly traffic (over 12 months) in order
to exclude any seasonal influence.

: This indicator shows the level of competition for the keyword in the organic
Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the
bigger the effort to organically rank for the keyword.

: The type of search intent which is predominant for that keyword. Hover the
mouse over this label to see a detailed overview of all the types of search
intent estimated for the keyword. .

: Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads, if you’d like to get a
paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

: These two buttons located at the end of every row will help you get more data
for the corresponding keyword. The first button will show you more details about
the query (search volume, competition level, CPC), including its search intent
and the SERPs preview. The second button is a link to the SERPs table inside the
Toolbox.

The “Domain Comparison” feature lets you create an overview of the key metrics
for a specific domain and its competitors.

The best performing value is marked in green, and the worst one in red. This
way, you’ll easily find the strengths and weaknesses of your competitors and of
your own domain.

– : Visibility Index rank of the domain (the position of the examined domain
among the most successful domains, ).

– : Estimate of the average monthly traffic that can be generated by the
domain’s ranking keywords.

– : Value of the organic traffic in the paid areas of Google search results ().

– : Number of different rankings for the domain across all countries measured by
SISTRIX.

– : Number of keyword rankings measured in the country.

– : Number of keyword rankings measured in the country on the first Google page
(positions from 1 to 10).

– : If the domain has paid ads, we’ll show you the number of paid keywords here
().

– : Number of different URLs for which the domain has rankings within the
Top-100 results on Google.

– : Amount of unique domains which link to the evaluated domain.

– : Amount of links (backlinks) to the domain which were found by our link
crawler on external domains.

Click on the domain in the heading to reach its overview page, or on the
different metrics to land on the corresponding page in the Toolbox for the
source domain.

The table will show a list of all the keywords for which the initial domain is
ranking. For each ranking you’ll see the of the domain you are evaluating and of
the competitor(s) you added.

Each field will have a shade of either green or red, depending how far apart the
other domains are from the main domain.

If the main domain has the better ranking, the competitor field will have a
shade of . The further apart the two rankings are, the deeper the shade will be.
On the contrary, if the other domains have the better ranking position than the
domain you are evaluating, then the field will be a shade of . If the row is ,
it means that the corresponding domain doesn’t rank within the top-100 results
for that specific keyword.

: The query exactly as it is written in Google. Keywords can be made up of one
or more words or word elements.

: Total number of SERP Features found within the search result pages for this
keyword. (The analysed domains themselves do not necessarily have to rank with
the feature). Click on this button to see more details about the result snippet,
the specific features and the result features.

: Ranking position of the main domain and of the competitor domains for that
keyword.

: Number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the chosen
Country. The Toolbox shows the average monthly traffic (over 12 months) in order
to exclude any seasonal influence.

: This indicator shows the level of competition for the keyword in the organic
Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the
bigger the effort to organically rank for the keyword.

: The type of search intent which is predominant for that keyword. Hover the
mouse over this label to see a detailed overview of all the types of search
intent estimated for the keyword. .

: Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads, if you’d like to get a
paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

: These two buttons located at the end of every row will help you get more data
for the corresponding keyword. The first button will show you more details about
the query (search volume, competition level, CPC), including its search intent
and the SERPs preview. The second button is a link to the SERPs table inside the
Toolbox.

You can add filters to your evaluation and save or load them through the
“Options” menu at the top right corner of the page. There, you can also download
the entire comparison data.

If you want to analyse a keyword further, you’ll just need to click on it and
the Toolbox will take you to its .




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-web-vitals/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-web-
vitals/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-web-
vitals/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-
web-vitals/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-web-
vitals/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-web-
vitals/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-web-
vitals/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/core-web-
vitals/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Besides other data in the Onpage projects, information about the Core Web Vitals
can also be accessed for specific domains, in the “Structure” section. Here you
can see the Field Data from Google Chrome and analyse the performance of every
website you want.

In this section we use the so-called . These are collected by Google’s Chrome
browser and measured by a user panel. This means that this data is only
available if a sufficient number of Chrome users visit the corresponding domain.
The data is updated in the middle of each month for the previous month.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page.

There you can switch between mobile and desktop values, export the data or share
the live page on Social Media.

The data depends on the Country chosen for the evaluation, which is displayed in
the search bar at the top left corner of the screen.

The four boxes show the actual values of the three Core Web Vitals:

  * Largest Contentful Paint: How much time passes before the main content of the website is visible to the user in the browser.

  * Cumulative Layout Shift: Does the content of the page jump around during its loading? And, if yes, how far are the elements moved?

  * First Contentful Paint: The time from when a piece of content is shown for the first time to the user’s browser

  * Interaction to Next Paint: The page’s overall responsiveness to user interactions by observing the latency of all click, tap, and keyboard interactions that occur throughout the lifespan of a user’s visit to a page.

Besides the actual values, you can also see their distribution according to
Google’s performance expectations. The green bar shows the percent of users
where the value was considered positive, the yellow bar indicates the values
which need improvement and finally the red bar shows the poor results.

The graphs show the historic development of the Core Web Vitals for the analysed
domain. According to their performance, the values are distributed in three
colours:

Hover the mouse on the chart to see the value of the corresponding Core Web
Vital for a specific date. You can also zoom into a specific date-range by
holding the mouse button down and selecting the range you would like to focus
on, or click on “Fullscreen” to let the graph fit your entire screen. You can
move the mouse cursor over each value and we will show you the values.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/countries/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/countries/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/countries/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/countries/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-
creator/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/countries/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/countries/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/countries/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/countries/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

SISTRIX collects and analyses data for and makes all the data available in the
Toolbox. In this section you’ll find an overview of the of your domain (or host,
directory or URL for detailed-evaluations) for the different Countries available
in the Toolbox.

Here we will show you the for the evaluated domain (respective the host,
directory or URL for detailed-evaluations) for the different countries tracked
by the SISTRIX Toolbox ( to see the entire list).

Please note that that the keyword-sets chosen for each index are individually
tailored to that countries search-behavior. This means that the searchvolume for
identical keywords can be different between countries.It also means that the
Visibility Index-scores for one index is not based on exactly the same
keywordset as for another country.

Here you’ll find a of the data displayed in the chart:

  * number of keywords with a Top 10 ranking
  * number of keywords with a Top 100 ranking
  * number of unique URLs with a Top 10 ranking
  * number of unique URLs with a Top 100 ranking

By default the Toolbox will show the. If you want to see the desktop data, click
on the option menu at the top right corner of the page and select “Data Source”.
There you can also the table as a CSV file or share in on Social Media.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-potential/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-
potential/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-
potential/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-
potential/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-
potential/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-
potential/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-
potential/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ctr-
potential/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Your content doesn’t just need to be discoverable on Google, it also has to be
clicked. Connect SISTRIX to your Google Search Console to unlock this useful
feature and start improving the CTR of your website.

After , type your domain in the search bar: you’ll see an extra feature in the
menu on the right side of the screen called “Google Search Console”. Click on it
and you’ll find the button “CTR Potential” where you can reach the following
analysis.

Note: The feature “CTR Potential” is still under development, so you have to
activate it on .

Besides ranking on Google, you want your domain to be visited by users. This is
why a CTR analysis is a fundamental step of your SEO strategy.

To help you understand where to start, here we show you the pages whose CTR is
lower than the expected average. Optimising their snippet could allow you to get
results quicker and easier.

: Website URL ordered according to the lost clicks value.

: Estimate of clicks lost by the URL during the analysed period of time (shown
in the up left corner of the screen).

: CTR of the page according to your Google Search Console data.

: Estimation of the CTR that the URL could reach if optimised.

: Total number of ranking keywords for the URL.

Click on “Analyse URL now” to open a detailed overview of the CTR analysis for a
specific URL. Here you can see the keywords for which it ranks and a comparison
between your snippet and your competitors’ snippets.

Finally, on the top left corner of the page you can find a button with the time
period to which the table refers to. Click on it to update the data. If you
don’t see the button, your data are already up-to-date and refer to the last 30
days.

A snippet determines the first impression of your website. You want it to catch
the attention between all the other elements and search results of a Google
page.

This SISTRIX feature helps you realise how attractive your snippet is in
comparison to your competitors. At the top of the page we show you how the
snippets of the top-3 competitors of your URL look like (on the right) and
compare them to yours (on the left).

The table below shows you the top ranking keywords of the analysed URL, their
Search Console data, and an estimation of the expected clicks and CTR which you
could reach by optimising the page’s snippet.

Click on a keyword to see a detailed overview of its Google data.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-hostnames/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-
hostnames/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-
hostnames/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-
hostnames/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-
hostnames/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-
hostnames/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-
hostnames/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/directories-and-
hostnames/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

In the SISTRIX toolbox you can analyse a directory or a hostname just as you
would a complete domain. We’ll show you the and many other important KPIs along
with the complete history. The data can be also personalised and exported.

In this graph we will show you the for the three most successful hostnames or
directories.

You can click on the before the top three hostnames/directory to show and hide
each line in the graph above. If you want to see the historic development for
another hostname or directory, not shown in the graph, just click on the entry
itself and we will show you the detailed evaluation.

By default the Toolbox will show data. Click on “Options > Data Source” at the
top right corner of the page to switch to desktop.

Also don’t forget that the at the top right corner of the chart will offer you
even more options and functions. For example, you’ll be able to select a
different date or to compare other directories.

If you hover the mouse over the chart, the Toolbox will let you see the for that
week. You can also right-click with the mouse and select the data you would like
to analyse to see for that date.

If you need to focus on a specific period of time, you can into a specific date-
range by holding the mouse button down and selecting the range you would like to
focus on.

Right under the chart you can see a table containing the following data:

  * : the hostname/directory itself, including all sub-directories and -pages.

  * : the individual Visibility Index score for each hostname/directory.

  * Number of rankings of the hostname/directory in Google’s Top 10 results.

  * Number of rankings of the hostname/directory in Google’s Top 100 results.

Note that you can click on a directory/hostname to reach its overview page and
deepen your analysis even further.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-overview/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/domain-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The domain overview page gives you a quick of all the most important SEO KPIs
for a specific domain. The data available covers that you’re able to export or
share anytime you want.

The VI is the core metric of a domains visibility (or optionally, host,
directory or URL) and it’s evaluated from the rankings found within a
representative keyword set. Each ranking is weighted by position and search
volume and added together to create the final figure. Extensive information on
the Visibility Index can be found in this article: .

The Visibility Index is based on the mobile rankings for the selected country.
The percentage change refers to the Monday of the previous week.

The Visibility Index displayed is continuously updated daily. However, SISTRIX
continuously monitors the ranking data. If we detect a strong deviation between
the daily Visibility Index and the last analysed data, we will display a green
pulsating dot. If you move your mouse over the dot, you will see the live
Visibility Index and the exact time of the last update.

: the Visibility Index rank shows you the position of the most successful
domains for the examined domain. For this purpose, all domains with a measurable
Visibility Index are sorted in descending order every day.

This box gives you a quick overview of the number and orientation of the
rankings of the examined domains (or host, directory, URL). The first line ()
shows how many different rankings can be measured in SISTRIX across all
countries.

The second line (, as per user settings) then shows you how many keyword
rankings were measured in the country. Clicking on the numbers takes you
directly to the keyword table with the exact keywords and rankings.

The third line tells you the of the keywords. The blue bar shows you right away
whether most keywords have a “do”, a “know”, a “website” or a visit intent. If
you hover over the bar with your mouse, we will show you more precise numbers.

This box shows estimations about the traffic of the domain (or host, directory,
URL when doing deeper analysis). The value given for in the first row is our
estimate of the average monthly traffic that can be generated by the keywords
found.

The second row, , shows you, based on Google Ads CPC values, how much money you
would have to spend to buy this organic traffic in the paid areas of Google
search results.

In the third line of the box you can see how the of the examined domain looks
like. What percentage of users come from desktop, mobile or tablet? This data is
not available for all domains.

Here you can see the most important link metrics for the examined domains (or
host, directory, URL) at a glance. If link metrics have not yet been determined
for a domain, you can trigger this with a click here.

In the first row you can see the number of different referring domains: one of
the most important metrics for links. How many different domains link to a
website. The second line then shows you the total number of links: how many
links refer to the domain.

In the third line you can then analyze what proportion different top-level
domains (such as .com) make up in the link profile of the examined domain. Here,
too, you can see further details and data if you move the mouse over the line.

For any business working or expanding into international markets, and for sites
offering content that spans many countries, monitoring the international
visibility of your domains, or those of your competitors, is important.

Here you find an overview of the countries where your domain is more visible.
For each Country the tool displays the average monthly click value and the
Visibility Index of the domain.

Often some specific content formats of a website are better accepted by Google
and the users than others. This pie chart shows the most successful directories,
hosts and URLs according to the number of , and is based on keywords in our
extended database using the Mobile-First search results.

To create this chart we consider the number of different ranking keywords per
URL, directory and hostname.

This box shows you the for the SISTRIX Visibility Index for the organic rankings
for the domain. The development history for the SISTRIX Visibility Index is able
to tell you quite a bit about the current health of a domain.

You can into a specific date-range by holding the mouse button down and
selecting the range you would like to focus on. By right-clicking on a single
visibility-point, you can jump directly to the keywords for that date.

Please also note the numerous options available through the in the top right
hand corner of this box which allow you to:

  * Compare the history of up to six domains with each other

Extensive information on the Visibility Index can be found in this article: .

You can use the feature “Overlay Data” to compare the chart with one or more
domains, hostnames, paths or URLs (up to six in total).

Add the domains (hostnames, paths or URLs) in the search slot and click on “Show
details” to select the Country and the device (mobile or desktop) for the
visibility data. By default, the tool will use the mobile database and the
Country chosen in the search bar.

Finally, click on the green button “Compare” to begin your analysis.

The different colored dots in this box represent domains that we have identified
as competitors for the domain.

  * The further to the right a point is, the higher the visibility index of the domain.

  * The higher up, the higher the number of keywords for which this domain ranks.

  * The size of the dots indicates how much monthly traffic this domain generates according to our estimates.

Based on the keywords ranking in the Top-100 from our Ranking-Keyword-Set for
the domain under evaluation, we show you other domains which also have rankings
for this keyword-set. These domains are the strongest keyword-competitors for
the domain you are evaluating.

  * Competition: This value shows the percentage-based visibility for the keyword-competitors, based on the ranking-keyword-set. If you are evaluating domain A and domain B has 200% in this column, then domain B is about twice as visible for the keywords that domain A ranks for in the Top-100.
  * Visibility Index: In this column we show you the Visibility Index score for each domain, using only the keywords in the ranking-keyword-set.

Click on “Show all” to open the whole competitors list.

This table gives you an which are especially interesting for a domain. This is
done by choosing keywords from this domain’s rankings which are well positioned
and show a large search-traffic and strong competition.

  * : The query exactly as it is written in Google.

  * : Best position of the domain URL for the keyword inside the organic SERPs.

  * : Estimated number of organic clicks per month for the keyword. 

  * : number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the chosen country ().

  * : this indicator shows the level of competition for the keyword in the organic Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high) ().

You can browse all the domain’s keywords by going to the menu-item “Keywords”,
in the left navigation under SEO or by clicking on the “Show all Keywords with a
Top-100 Ranking” link at the bottom of this box.

The table is sorted in descending order by the number of clicks.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/featured-snippets/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/featured-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/featured-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/featured-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/featured-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/featured-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/featured-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/featured-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The Featured Snippets are a format which is supposed to provide users with a
concise, direct answer to their questions. In this section you can see whether
the content of your website is being shown in a Featured Snippet in Google’s
search results.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page, in particular:

  * : The “Expert filter” allows you to create complex filter combinations, which you can also save and load.
  * : With this button you can export the displayed table, downloading (filtered) keywords and the data contained in every column. .
  * : Share the page with other Toolbox users. You’ll get a personalised shortlink, active for a few days, that you can share without any limitations.

Finally, the cogwheel icon of the table will let you export the data, or add
them in a dashboard or a report. Here you’ll also find the function “Select
columns” which allows you to add more interesting columns to the table.

Filters will help you sort the results in the table and get only what you need
for your Featured Snippet analysis.

How filters work: choose one of the suggested or click on the green button “” to
select one of the different filter options available. You can create complex
filter combinations using the .

For example, you can filter the results according to a specific result feature
or against more than 40 different SERPs features.

This table shows you all the Featured Snippets of your website.

  * : The search phrase for which the result is being shown in a Featured Snippet.

  * : Total number of SERP Features found on the result pages for this keyword. (the analysed domain does not necessarily have to be part of the features) Click on this button to see more details about the result snippet, the specific features and the result features.

  * : The estimated number of organic clicks per month for the keyword.

  * : Average monthly organic traffic for the keyword on Google for the chosen country. 

  * : Competition level for the keyword in the organic Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

  * : The type of search intent which is predominant for that keyword. Hover the mouse over this label to see a detailed overview of all the types of search intent estimated for the keyword. 

  * : average click price that you would pay on Google Ads, if you’d like to get a paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

  * : Exact URL which is linked in the Featured Snippet.

  * : these two buttons located at the end of every row will help you get more data for the corresponding keyword. The first one will show you more details about the query (search volume, competition level, CPC), including its search intent and the SERPs preview. The second button is a link to the ranking history of the domain for the keyword.

Click on the different column headers to sort the table according to that
specific KPI.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-analytics-google-search-console/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-
analytics-google-search-console/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-
analytics-google-search-console/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-
analytics-google-search-console/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-analytics-google-search-
console/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-analytics-google-search-
console/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-analytics-google-search-
console/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/google-analytics-google-search-
console/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

If you connect your SISTRIX account to Google Search Console and/or Google
Analytics, the Toolbox will show you two additional sections where you can get
an overview of those data and combine them with SISTRIX KPIs.

If you linked , you can access your extended Search Console and Analytics data
within the SEO module and have access to a number of key values from the Google
Search Console and Google Analytics.

The menu points “Google Analytics” and “Google Search Console” will appear after
you link the Toolbox to your data and will be available only for that specific
domain in your account. No personal data will be transmitted.

Here you will find your connected shown alongside a number of different metrics
in a graph. The metrics can be changed using the Options right below the graph.
By default, we always show the comparison between the Visibility Index and the
number of visitors on a page. Updates occur weekly, and can be up to 13 days
behind the current date.

When integrating Google Analytics into a webpage the values are also measured
for subdomains, as long as you integrate the same Analytics-Code on those
subdomains.

If you hover the mouse over the chart, the Toolbox will let you see the for that
week.

If you need to focus on a specific period of time, you can into a specific date-
range by holding the mouse button down and selecting the range you would like to
focus on.

Also don’t forget that the at the top right corner of the chart will offer you
even more options and functions. For example, you’ll are able to add an event-
pin to the chart.

Select metrics from the SISTRIX data to be compared with metrics from the domain
Analytics data.

You can also hide the Toolbox metrics from the graph and see only the Google
Analytics data. To do so, select “Hide” from the first drop-down menu.

Here you will find your connected Google Analytics data shown alongside a number
of different metrics as a table. The metrics can be changed using the “Options”
menu right above the table. Updates occur weekly, and can be up to 13 days
behind the current date.

Use the drop-down menu to select the Google Search Console profile that you want
to analyse.

These figures, in the first two boxes on the page, give an overview of totals
and the recent changes for total number of clicks and the click-through-rate,
the impressions and average position from your Google Search Console Data. More
information is shown in the graph and directory break down below.

Note: To view the actual keywords, go to the “Keywords” menu item.

The following two boxes show which devices (mobile, desktop and tablet) and
countries (top three) the traffic is coming from, as reported by Search Console.

To help you monitor progress and changes in traffic we provide you with various
data sets from Google Search Console.

Click, impression, CTR and average position history is shown in this graph. Use
the selectors at the bottom of the graph to focus on one metric.

Here you’ll find the top directories / paths for this domain.

More specifically, you can see the number of impressions with a specific number
of clicks on the different URLs and the number of URLs with a specific click
average. Finally, you can also see the average CTR and position.

The data refer to the entire project and to the different directories of the
website for the selected Country.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-details/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
details/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
details/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
details/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
details/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
details/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
details/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
details/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

View a history of URL and keyword rankings for the domain, both in the top-10
and top-100 of search results. In addition we show summary information for the
ranking keywords.

Here you’ll find the total number of keywords for which this domain (or host,
directory or URL where selected) is ranking in the search results. The value is
based on our extended database and is therefore not comparable with the value
seen in the diagram below it (Keywords – History)

The value represents the total number of different keywords and not the total
number of rankings. The data is based on the keywords ranking for the selected
country.

Here you’ll find the numbers of ranking in the Top 10 and the number of rankings
in the Top 100 in Google search.

  * : Number of keywords with a ranking in the Top 10, the first page of search results.
  * : Number of keywords with a ranking in the Top 100, the first 10 pages of search results.

For this evaluation we consider the number of different keywords, not the number
of different rankings. The data refers to the country you have selected.

Based on the rankings found, the figures here related to numbers of URLs. We
show the number of URLs ranking in the Top 10 and the number in the Top 100
Google search results. In addition we show you the average length (number of
characters) in the URLs.

  * : Total number of unique URLs found with a minimum of one ranking in the Top 10, the first page of Google search results.
  * : Total number of unique URLs found with a minimum of one ranking in the Top 100, the first ten pages of Google search results.

In this box we show you, based on the ranking keywords that have been found, the
number of words in the ranking keywords. It’s often the case that search terms
with many words appear in the ‘long tail’ of search and that search terms with
few words are in the strong search volume area known as the shorthead.

This diagram shows the total number of unique URLs found as a historical graph.
Here you’ll find the number of unique URLs found ranking in the Top 10 and the
number ranking in the Top 100 in Google search. The historical graph shows the
development of these numbers.

  * Top 10: Total number of unique URLs found with a minimum of one ranking in the Top 10, the first page of Google search results.

  * Top 100: Total number of unique URLs found with a minimum of one ranking in the Top 100, the first ten pages of Google search results.

  * Data-set: Visibility data. One million keywords for desktop and mobile

In this diagram we show you the number of unique keywords found for this domain
as a historical graph.

This diagram is based on the Visibility Index database with one million keywords
(desktop and mobile). This means that you can’t compare this value with the box
at the top left corner of the page, which shows the total number of keywords of
the extended database, with many millions of keywords.

  * Data-set: Visibility data. One million keywords for desktop and mobile




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-discovery/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
discovery/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
discovery/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
discovery/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
discovery/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
discovery/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
discovery/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
discovery/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The Keyword Discovery tool is essential for your keyword research as it can help
you find relevant keywords and topics to be optimised. The results can be
exported or added to a list to be further refined.

You can find the Keyword Discovery tool in the or, if you already activated the
new header menu from the SISTRIX Labs, in the “” Start page.

You can learn more about what makes keyword research such a crucial part of your
SEO strategy in our detailed tutorial ““. A full tutorial on conducting keyword
research with the Keyword Discovery .

Select the Country data-set using the icon and write the seed keywords inside
the . After typing your first keyword, the tool will give you some suggestions
and ideas for related terms.

If you click on “Search Settings” you’ll get more options to narrow your search:

  * : at least one of the word parts of the keyword must appear. If we put “gardening ideas” as seed keyword, the tool will show us “dinner ideas”, “gardening tools” or “garden ideas”.
  * : all words in the term must be present, but the order does not matter. This is the (In our previous example, terms like “gardening ideas for kids” or “ideas for landscape gardening” will be present.)
  * : all word components must appear in the order of entry. In our case “winter gardening ideas” or “gardening ideas pinterest”

If you select the option “” the tool will show you results which also include
keywords that begin with the seed keywords entered. In our example they could be
“gardening” or “ideas”.

After typing your keywords, the tool will bring you to another interface
containing all the keyword combinations.

On the top right corner of the screen you can export or share the page. Use the
search bar on the top left corner to change the seed keywords, the country or
the type of search.

Immediately below that, you can find some useful filters for the results in the
table. To use filters, choose one of the suggested preset filters or click on
the green button “Filter now” to select one of the many different filter options
available.

In the box called “Groups” you’ll find closely matching keyword groups based on
either the number of search terms within the group or by search volume. Select
any keyword group to analyse and use the keywords in a list.

These keyword groups are initially sorted by the number of keywords they
contain. With a click on the button you change the sorting to the sum of the
search volumes in the group.

For example, by choosing a ‘how’ or ‘which’ you’ll see search terms that are
related to a user question.

This is the list of search terms that are relevant to your initial keyword. If
you have selected a group from the filter-box ““, the list will only show terms
from that group.

The list includes details such as real search volume (monthly average over 12
months) search volume trend, competition level, CPC, Search Intent and the
important SERPs features which can help you select keywords for a list based on
a target SERP feature or specific user intent.

If you click on a specific keyword we will show you more detailed information
about the different metrics in the boxes on the right side of the screen.

Right above the table there are some that will help you sort and refine your
results.

If you select some keywords and then click on the menu “” right above the first
column, you can choose to export all the selected keywords into a list.
Alternatively you can also select all keywords of a group and transfer them all
into a list. SISTRIX will let you choose which list to use, or allow you to
create a new one.

To know more about lists read the following tutorial: .

The three boxes on the right give you more detailed information about the
keyword selected in the table.

  * : Number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the chosen Country. (Average over 12 months.)
  * : Estimated number of organic clicks for this keyword. We take the SERP format into account when calculating these. 
  * : The monthly trend data from January until December. This allows you to quickly find out whether there are strong trends in specific parts of the year or whether the demand stays relatively constant.
  * : The competition level for the keyword in the organic Google Index using a number between 0 and 100.
  * : is this keyword mostly searched for on a mobile phone or a desktop? You should plan your content according to this distribution value.
  * : Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads, if you’d like to get a paid click for this keyword.

The second box is called “Search Intent” and helps you better understand the
basic goals and wishes behind a search query. In SISTRIX, the search intent is
based on the classification of four main intentions made from Google:

  * : The user intention “Do” is about the searcher wanting to do something. Frequently it’s to buy something but sometimes it’s a download, install or other active process.
  * : A user with a know query would like to know more about a specific topic. This type of queries can be answered on one of the search result’s website or they can be displayed in a relatively small amount of space the size of a mobile phone screen (Know Simple).
  * : The website queries are search requests in which the user would like to go to a specific website or page on that website. Many users type in a domain name, URL or brand directly on Google, without using the browser.
  * : This is about searchers who are, mostly, looking for a local business on their smartphone. Usually this type of search intent is answered with Google Maps.

Finally, the box “SERPs” shows you the that our crawler was last given. Each row
starts with the ranking position, followed by the ranking URL and the estimated
number of clicks on that page.

By analysing the SERP structure we can calculate the expected CTR for each
position on the Top 10 results. Using the search volume we then show the
estimated clicks per month for the position.

The button “Show Keyword History” will open the ranking-history for the specific
domain and the keyword you are evaluating. Clicking on the arrow at the end of
the row will open the domain-overview page for that domain. Finally, click on
“Show all” to see all the Top-100 organic results for that keyword.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-groups/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
groups/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
groups/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
groups/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
groups/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
groups/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
groups/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
groups/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

With this function we try to classify and sort a domains’ keywords into groups,
in a useful manner. Taking a look at these groups will help you to quickly get
an of the keyword-focus for the domain.

The table of the Keyword Groups offers the following options:

  * : the terms which have been found in the domain’s keywords ordered according to their frequency.
  * : the total amount of keywords that contain that term.

If you want to take a look at exactly which keywords are in each group, just
click on the “Show keywords” for the group in question.

The two buttons on the top right corner of the screen will allow you to the page
as a PDF (using some ) or share it on Social Media.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-history/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
history/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
history/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
history/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
history/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
history/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
history/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
history/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Thanks to the feature “Keyword History” you can see the rankings of a specific
keyword for the domain you’re analysing. This is useful to identify
cannibalisation problems, URL-swapping, or to compare the rankings of multiple
domains and keywords.

The Keyword History feature is available in every keyword table of the Toolbox.
It’s symbolised by a in the last column .

Alternatively you can also use a shortcut and write the keyword and the domain
you want to analyse inside the , separated by a comma.

In both cases the Toolbox will bring you to the specific keyword history section
for that domain.

The Ranking History allows you to see how organic Google rankings for a domain,
host or a specific URL have developed in time. This way you’ll quickly recognise
trends and changes, and track your SEO success.

Using the on the top right you can either add competitor domains or additional
keywords that your can compare. In some parts of the toolbox, this graph will be
pre-loaded with relevant comparisons and quick filters may be shown above the
graph.

Use the options above the graph to change the interval from weekly to daily or
monthly data and track short-term and long-term ranking changes even more
precisely.

This table shows you the position and ranking URL for the domain, as well as all
the datapoints for the previous 12 months.

If you would like more data, you can click on the “” button below the ranking-
history table to load all historic data available.

Click on the URL to see its specific KPIs in the Toolbox.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-ideas/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
ideas/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
ideas/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
ideas/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
ideas/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
ideas/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
ideas/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
ideas/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

By optimising your website with new relevant keywords you’ll be able to
gradually improve your visibility. We offer you keyword ideas that could be
related to your keywords – based on the search queries analysed for your
website.

Here you can find some keywords worth ranking in the future. If your domain
doesn’t rank for specific keywords contained in this list, it might be a good
idea to create suitable content for it.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-overview/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
overview/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Keywords, the search queries entered in Google, are the mainstay of success in
SEO. The Keyword Overview offers you all the relevant data for your keyword
research, helping you create more relevant content.

The Keyword Overview is your first stop for the (search queries). To reach this
section type the keyword in the search bar of SISTRIX and start your search.

The flag in the search bar indicates the country data you’d like to see.
Searching for “hotel” will give you different results and KPIs in UK or in
Ireland for example.

SISTRIX offers you data for many billions of keywords in thirty different
countries. The addition of new keywords happens automatically and regularly.

After typing in your keyword, you’ll reach the keyword overview section. Here
you can find a summary of all the relevant information and values related to the
keyword.

In the overview you’ll get all the most important information at a glance. Use
the navigation menu on the left to deepen the keyword analysis by selecting the
section you need.

The “Update” button enables search results to be updated within a few seconds.
This function can also be used to refresh keywords from our keyword discovery
databases that haven’t been crawled yet. You can find out more about the
background in .

The first row in the Keyword Overview page shows you more information about the
different sections in four boxes.

Number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the chosen
Country. SISTRIX shows the average monthly traffic (over 12 months) in order to
exclude any seasonal influence.

Just below the search volume you’ll see the number of organic clicks per month
for this keyword. Depending on the SERP structure, this value can strongly
differ from the search volume.

We also show the monthly trend data of the last 5 years. This allows you to
quickly find out whether there are strong trends in specific parts of the year
or whether the demand stays relatively constant.

In this box you’ll find three useful values related to the keyword you are
analysing: the competition level for the keyword in the organic Google Index
using a number between 0 and 100. The higher this level, the bigger the effort
needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

Following that, the device distribution: is this keyword mostly searched for on
a mobile phone or a desktop? You should plan your content according to this
distribution value.

In addition to that, you’ll see the average click price that you would pay on
Google Ads, if you’d like to get a paid click for this keyword. .

This box will help you estimate the search volume in other SISTRIX countries,
showing the ones where this KPI is higher and the total search volume across all
the countries. The search volume is standardised for all countries and the
annual average is always divided over 12 months.

Here you will find an overview of the search volume of the searched keyword in
the countries for which SISTRIX collects data. The countries are sorted by
search volume in descending order.

The graph shows you the search volume over time so that you can recognise
seasonal trends at a glance. If you move your mouse over the graph, you can see
the monthly average of the search volume. You can use the checkboxes in the
table below to select countries and compare the search volumes with each other.

The table shows an annual average (12 months) of the search volume. .

If you want to compare the search volumes of two keywords, simply enter any two
keywords in the search bar at the top left, separated by a comma.

Google’s search pages no longer consist only of organic results. SISTRIX
recognises . Here you’ll get a quick overview of all the result types found for
the keyword. According to the demand, besides classic texts you could also see
other types of content, like videos, images or other formats.

For the calculation of SERP features we consider the first 100 Google results.
The blue row shows the number of results that display the corresponding SERP
feature. For example: “Organic: 97/100” means that 97 results for the selected
keyword are organic.

Here you will find the Top-10 or Top-20 Google search results that our crawler
was last given.

Each row starts with the ranking position, followed by the ranking URL, an
indicator of how the ranking changed compared to the previous week and the
estimated number of clicks on that page.

By analysing the SERP structure we can calculate the expected CTR for each
position on the Top-10 results. Using the search volume we then show the
estimated clicks per month for the position.

The button “Show Keyword History” will open the ranking-history for the specific
domain and the keyword you are evaluating.

Clicking on the arrow at the end of the row will open the domain-overview page
for that domain.

The search intent shows you which goals the user wants to reach with the search
query. As far as search intent is concerned, Google differentiates between the
following four types: Know, Do, Website and Visit. The search intent is defined
for almost every keyword in SISTRIX.

The other boxes on this page show you parts of the corresponding feature. Click
on the box or on the corresponding section in the navigation to deepen your
analysis.

  * : The user intention “Do” is about the searcher wanting to do something. Frequently it’s to buy something but sometimes it’s a download, install or other active process.

  * : A user with a know query would like to know more about a specific topic. This type of queries can be answered on one of the search result’s website or they can be displayed in a relatively small amount of space the size of a mobile phone screen (Know Simple).

  * : The website queries are search requests in which the user would like to go to a specific website or page on that website. Many users type in a domain name, URL or brand directly on Google, without using the browser.

  * : This is about searchers who are, mostly, looking for a local business on their smartphone. Usually this type of search intent is answered with Google Maps.

Use this feature to quickly analyse and track the SERP-Layout of your keywords.

The timeline on top will let you easily navigate in the past: you can select a
date directly from the timeline, or modify the box right below it. The vertical
bars show the amount of change on that date. A larger bar indicates more change.

Below the timeline you’ll see the mobile SERP-Layout of the first result page
for the keyword you searched, including the organic results and many different
types of SERP-Features.

Hover the mouse over the different elements to find more information about that
specific result-type, like:

  * the amount of pixels of the phone’s viewport it occupies

With this feature, we show you the most recent screenshot of Google’s first
result page for the searched keyword.

This way, you’ll immediately see which organic results and integrations are
ranking on the page without having to browse it yourself.

The date and time when the screenshot was taken appear in the top left corner of
the page. There you can also see the referring country and change it. Use the
two arrows next to the screenshot to navigate through the archive.

The screenshot always refers to the mobile version of the SERP.

In the category Keyword Ideas we’ll suggest other keywords that are related to
the start keyword you entered. Depending on the method, the relationship can be
more or less direct. This way you’ll be able to discover more interesting search
queries for your keyword research. We have a where you can learn more about its
importance and how you can go about it.

Every table can be sorted, filtered and exported. You can also add the keywords
into a in SISTRIX.

With this feature you’ll discover all the searched queries that contain of the
start keyword, in the of entry. For “e” you’ll find, for example, “” or ““.

At least of the start keyword must appear in the suggested queries. For example,
if you search ““, the feature will show you ““, “” or ““.

The similar keywords contain the of the start keyword. Thanks to this feature
you can find and sort Longtail Keywords. For example, if your start keyword is
““, the feature will suggest “” or ““, and many other alternatives.

This feature shows you the search queries that have a with the start keyword.
This means that the terms don’t necessary contain the start keywords, but they
are similar and comparable. For the start keyword “e” you’ll get as suggestions
“” or ““. This will let you easily extend the keyword set for your keyword
research with useful synonyms and related terms.

This feature will show you Google queries which contain not only the start
keyword, but also (W-questions, like where, when, what, etc.). This will help
you to easily understand the intent behind the keywords. For the start keyword
“” SISTRIX will show, for example, ““.

The feature called Keyword Environment shows related keywords for which the Top
10 URLs rank, and works as follows.

First of all we determine the Top-10 ranking URLs for the keyword. Then, in the
second step, we pull their ranking keywords from SISTRIX. Finally, we combine
these keywords and we show them in the results.

Thanks to this process you’ll get a good overview of . In our example “” you’ll
see new keywords like “diy stores” and “. The list takes a few moments to
process and display.

The SERP Archive is a time machine for past results. Since 2008 SISTRIX has
saved the SERPs for all the most relevant search queries. Thanks to the SERP
Archive you can easily go back in time and track developments.

The date can be changed in the filter just above the SERPs. Since 2015 mobile
SERPs have been saved in addition to desktop SERPs. For many important keywords
you’ll also be able to see a daily version of the SERPs for the last few months.

The Ranking History allows you to see how organic Google rankings for a domain
or a specific URL have developed in time. This way you’ll quickly recognise
trends and changes, and track your SEO success.

You can switch between desktop or mobile data using the white option-row. There
you can also change the interval from weekly to daily data and track short-term
ranking changes even more precisely.

When you open this feature SISTRIX will automatically compare the domains that
rank first for the keyword. Use the filters in the upper part of the page to
change the domain or the URL.

This feature allows you to compare the Google’s search results for up to three
different dates. By default SISTRIX will compare the current date and a second
date of about four weeks ago.

Use the filters in the upper part of the page to quickly change the dates and
personalise the results according to your needs.

In the analysis, SISTRIX will use arrows to show you the ranking changes of that
specific period of time. If the domain is ranking better than before the arrow
will be green. On the contrary, if the rankings have worsen, the arrow will be
red. The arrow will remain grey if there are no ranking changes.

To assess whether two keywords are different enough to require two separate
pages for optimisation or whether Google considers them similar enough to be
optimised under one URL, you can use the “SERP Similarity” feature.

You can compare the SERPs of up to three keywords with each other and see which
URLs rank for the keywords.

If many URLs rank for both or all three keywords, it may be sufficient to create
just one page with content and optimise it for these keywords.

In the upper box on the page, you will find all URLs that rank for all of the
given keywords. Below that you will see the individual SERPs for the keywords,
which help you to recognise the positions of the common URLs at a glance.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-table/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
table/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
table/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
table/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
table/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
table/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
table/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/keyword-
table/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The keyword table is one of the in the SISTRIX Toolbox – here you’ll see all the
found for the analysed domain. You’ll be able to use quick and useful , the
table and the data.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the page.

  * : tailor the table according to your personal needs and requirements. With “” you can also choose between desktop results, your own Onpage project keywords or data from Google Search Console. The “” allows you to create complex filter combinations, which you can also save and load. Finally, the Toolbox offers an extended database for mobile SERPs, which is why this is the default option for the table.

  * : with this button you can export the displayed table, downloading (filtered) keywords and the data contained in every column. .

  * : share the page with other SISTRIX users. You’ll get a personalised shortlink, active for a few days, that you can share without any limitations.

For most domains you aren’t able to see all the rankings at a glance. The
filters allow you to filter the results in the table and get only what you need.
Every field of the table can be filtered, even the data inside additional
columns added using the option “” (click on the cogwheel icon of the table to
find this option).

Choose one of the suggested quick filters or click on the green button “” to
select one of the 30 different filter options available. You can create complex
filter combinations using the .

Thanks to the Country filter you’ll be able to change countries within the
ranking keyword overview. You can also use the Search Keyword field to quickly
find keywords that contain a certain word.

The keyword table shows you the keywords and rankings found for the analysed
domain. The list is ordered according to the number of organic clicks, giving
you the possibility to see the most important traffic-generating keywords at the
top. By default you’ll see the following columns. Note: Some of them could be
hidden if you use small monitors or browser windows, but you can expose them by
using the browser zoom function:

: The query exactly as it is written in Google. Keywords can be made up of one
or more words or word elements.

: Total number of SERP Features found on the result pages for this keyword. (the
analysed domain does not necessarily have to be part of the features) Click on
this button to see more details about the result snippet, the specific features
and the result features.

: Position of the domain URL for the keyword inside the organic SERPs. It
concerns only the organic (SEO) rankings and not Ads or other Google
integrations.

: Estimated number of organic clicks on that page. The bar shows how high the
click value of the corresponding entry is in comparison to the highest value in
the table.

: Number of monthly search queries for this keyword on Google for the chosen
Country. The Toolbox shows the average monthly traffic (over 12 months) in order
to exclude any seasonal influence.

: This indicator shows the level of competition for the keyword in the organic
Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the
bigger the effort to organically rank for the keyword.

: The type of search intent which is predominant for that keyword. Hover the
mouse over this label to see a detailed overview of all the types of search
intent estimated for the keyword. .

: Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads, if you’d like to get a
paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

: Exact URL which is ranking in Google’s results pages. For AMP results the
Toolbox measures only the virtual URL on the domain-target and not the AMP URL
on the Google servers.

: These two buttons located at the end of every row will help you get more data
for the corresponding keyword. The first button will show you more details about
the query (search volume, competition level, CPC), including its search intent
and the SERPs preview. The second button is a link to the SERPs table inside the
Toolbox.

Move your mouse over the number of keywords in the table’s header to see the
total search volume and the total number of clicks for all keywords. Combine
this feature with the filters to quickly find out which areas of your website
generate many searches but few clicks.

At the beginning of the keyword table you can also find a small checkbox. If you
select a keyword (or all keywords in the table) there, you can add them to a
list () or update their SERPs ().




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-graph/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-
graph/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-
graph/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-
graph/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-
graph/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-
graph/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-
graph/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/knowledge-
graph/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The Knowledge Graph data help you understand how Google delimits and ranks
topics in the SERPs. Use this feature to discover new content opportunities for
your website.

In the top right corner of the page, you’ll find general settings for the whole
page.

There you can export the data or share the live page on Social Media.

Click on the cogwheel icon in the table and select the option “” to hide or add
the columns in the table.

Google wants to organise the world’s information, and in order for this to
succeed, Google must understand topics, contexts and connections. The Knowledge
Graph is Google’s database for this.

Thanks to this feature, you can understand how Google in the SERPs. Use this
data to figure out how comprehensively Google understands the topics and to
discover topic opportunities for your content.

  * : The name of the Knowledge Graph entry in Google. Often this is the main keyword, but sometimes it is not. We use the display name in Google here. In a few cases, we only show the Google-internal ID of the entry there.
  * : The keyword of this domain that shows this Knowledge Graph panel with the highest search volume. Name and Top Keyword are often closely related, but not always.
  * : Like Top Keyword, but the ranking URL of the analysed domain.
  * : The total number of keywords of this domain (or directory/ hostname) that show the corresponding Knowledge Graph panel. Clicking on the number takes you directly to the pre-filtered keyword table.
  * : A list of keywords for which the Knowledge Graph panel is displayed, but for which the analysed domain is not currently ranking. It is often worth expanding the content accordingly.

Listing the domain’s ranking keywords, for which a specific Knowledge Graph
panel is displayed, can provide interesting clues about synonyms and related
keywords.

By clicking on the Knowledge Graph panel name, the interface switches to that of
Keyword Discovery where we will then show all keywords from our database that
show the corresponding knowledge panel in the organic results.

The Knowledge Graph opportunities table shows you a list of keywords for which
the Knowledge Graph panel is displayed, but for which the analysed domain is .

As the domain is already ranking for other keywords that show the same Knowledge
Graph, it could be worth creating or expanding its content in order to cover
also these topics.

  * : average monthly organic traffic for the keyword on Google for the chosen country. 

  * : competition level for the keyword in the organic Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

  * : relative seasonal development of the search volume on a month-by-month basis. This allows you to quickly understand whether the search volume for the keyword is higher during specific months.

  * : average click price that you would pay on Google Ads if you want a paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary. 




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/onpage

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-
creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Thanks to this SISTRIX feature, you’ll get an overview of the most important
Onpage errors, warnings and notices for more than 20 million different domains –
in fractions of a second.

The Onpage analysis is there to unearth weaknesses a website may have. Those
could range from technical errors to content problems. To analyse a webpage
based on Onpage factors with the Toolbox, you have to set up the website as a
project in the Optimizer, which you can find in the section called “Projects”.

Sometimes, however, a quick overview is needed. Thanks to this feature, you’ll
get an instant overview of the most important issues for more than 20 million
different domains instantly.

Just like in an Optimizer project, you’ll see a summary of the errors, warnings
and notices found by our crawler for this website grouped thematically.

: Problems such as unknown pages, missing images or paths and issues with
robots.txt belong to this category of problems that the Optimizer has found.
These are the important elements that help Google find your content.

: The Optimizer will warn you when it finds issues such as titles that are too
long, missing or multiple H1 tags and also if it finds missing meta
descriptions. These are the important elements that help Google understand your
content.

: In this category you’ll find advice about things such as click distance,
duplicate images and Javascript data.

If you hover the mouse over a specific issue, the option “Details” will appear:
click it to find out more information about that issue.

To see all the issues concerning a specific topic, use the filters at the top of
the table.

For performance reasons, this new function does not check the full suite of all
checks as found in Optimizer projects. Also, only URLs that rank on Google are
analysed. To get the full crawl, you can click on the green button at the bottom
of the page and create an Optimizer project for the website.

By clicking on the option “Details”, you’ll land on a page with a list of the
URLs affected by the error, warning or notice that you selected.

You’ll also find useful information that will help you resolve the issue.

Use the options in the top right corner of the page to export the list of issues
or to create a shortlink to share on social media.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-
creator/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/opportunities/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The section called “Opportunities” will let you know what keywords could your
URLs rank for on of the search results and uncover new keywords that your
competitors rank for, along with , that you may not have considered.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page. For example, you can use the “” to create complex filter combinations, the
data or share them on .

At the top of the table you’ll find the options, that will let you sort and
refine your results in order to see only the ones you need and spare some time.

The table always shows but you can click on the quick filter “” to view the
desktop data.

The green button “” will open a menu on the right side of the screen, where
you’ll be able to select numerous filter combinations that will help you extract
the results you need.

Finally, the cogwheel icon of the table will let you export the data, or add
them in a dashboard or a report. Here you’ll also find the function “” which
allows you to add more interesting columns to the table.

The keyword opportunities table for the given domain contains all the keywords
for which your domain does not rank on the first page of Google’s SERPs but that
could reach it if well optimised. We order these with the highest chance
opportunities at the top.

  * : total number of SERP Features found on the result pages for this keyword. (the analysed domain does not necessarily have to be part of the features) Click on this button to see more details about the result snippet, the specific features and the result features.

  * : estimated traffic that can be expected from the first organic position. In other words, the traffic potential for the best possible ranking for this keyword.

  * : average monthly organic traffic for the keyword on Google for the chosen country. 

  * : competition level for the keyword in the organic Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

  * : The type of search intent which is predominant for that keyword. Hover the mouse over this label to see a detailed overview of all the types of search intent estimated for the keyword. 

  * : These two buttons located at the end of every row will help you get more data for the corresponding keyword. The first button will show you more details about the query (search volume, competition level, CPC), including its search intent and the SERPs preview. The second button is a link to the SERPs table inside the Toolbox.

You can sort the table by other criteria, simply by clicking on the column
headings.

This feature uses all the ranking keywords of the , for which the source-domain
does not have a position in the top-100 Google results.

Besides the , the Toolbox shows you on which the competitors are ranking.
Moreover, you’ll see the , the and the level of that keyword.

Finally, the last two buttons located at the end of every row will help you get
more data for the corresponding keyword. The first button will show you more
details about the query (search volume, competition level, CPC), including its
search intent and the SERPs preview. The second button is a link to the SERPs
table inside the Toolbox.

Click on the column headings to sort the table by other criteria, or select the
button “” to filter the results according to the number of overlaps between all
domains.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-changes/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The section “Ranking Changes” allows you to see all the changes in the keyword
positions of your website between two different dates. You’ll be able to use
numerous , the table and the data.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page, in particular:

  * : the “” allows you to create complex filter combinations, which you can also save and load.
  * : the Toolbox offers an extended database for mobile SERPs, which is why this is the default option for the table. Here you can also change the data source, choosing desktop results.
  * : with this button you can export the displayed table, downloading (filtered) keywords and the data contained in every column. .
  * : share the page with other Toolbox users. You’ll get a personalised shortlink, active for a few days, that you can share without any limitations.

Finally, the cogwheel icon will let you export the data, or add them in a
dashboard or a report. Here you’ll also find the function “” which allows you to
add more interesting columns to the table.

For most domains you aren’t able to see all the rankings at a glance. The
filters allow you to filter the results in the table and get only what you need.
Every field of the table can be filtered, even the data inside additional
columns added using the option “Select column”.

How filters work: choose one of the suggested Quick Filters or click on the
green button “Filter now” to select one of the 30 different filter options
available. You can create complex filter combinations using the .

Open the menu contained in the Quick Filter “Filter Now” to select one of the
following results:

  * : all the domain’s rankings that have improved between Date#1 and Date#2
  * : all the domain’s rankings that have worsened between Date#1 and Date#2
  * : all the keywords for which the domain didn’t rank within the Top-100 results at Date#1 but is now ranking within the Top-100 on Date#2
  * : all keywords for which the domain ranked within the Top-100 results at Date#1, but is no longer ranking in the Top-100 on Date#2

Finally, you can also change the dates directly above the table by clicking on
the pencil icon.

The default table that shows the ranking changes for a domain (or a path,
subdomain or URL) is made up of different columns. Every header can be clicked
in order to sort the table according to that specific characteristic.

  * : Total number of SERP-Features found on the results pages for this keyword (the analysed domain does not necessarily have to be part of the feature). Click on this button to see more details about the feature snippet, the specific features and the result’s characteristics.

  * : ranking position for that keyword on the start date.

  * : ranking position for that keyword on the end date.

  * : Estimated change in organic clicks for the keyword between the two dates. 

  * : search-volume for the keyword. .

  * : how much competition is there for this keyword (on a scale of 0 to 100), based on a SISTRIX calculation of numerous criteria ().

  * : Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads if you want a paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary. 

  * : These two buttons located at the end of every row will help you get more data for the corresponding keyword. The first button is a link to the ranking history of the domain for the keyword. The second button is a link to the SERPs table inside the Toolbox.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-distribution/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
distribution/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
distribution/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
distribution/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
distribution/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
distribution/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
distribution/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/ranking-
distribution/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The ranking distribution shows you how the for the evaluated domain (respective
the host, directory or URL for detailed-evaluations) are distributed within .
The data can be quickly sorted and exported if needed.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page, in particular:

  * : Choose if you want to see the values in percentages or in absolute values.
  * : The Toolbox provides the most comprehensive data for mobile SERPs, so mobile data are set as default. Here you can switch to the desktop data.
  * : Export the (filtered) table and all of its columns and data as a CSV file. To do this you’ll need to use some .
  * : Share the page with people who don’t have a SISTRIX account. We’ll generate an individual shortlink valid for a few days and that you can share without any limitations.

The column chart right under the option menu shows you how many keywords of the
analysed domain are ranking on the on Google. Page 1 represents ranking
positions 1 to 10, page 2 are positions 11 to 20 and so on until page 10, which
shows the organic positions 91 until 100. Hover the mouse over the columns to
see the keyword percentage (or number) for each page.

You can also use the below the Graph to browse the results for different weeks.
By clicking on the , we will play though the history, beginning at the point the
slider is at that moment.

  * Data-set: Visibility data: 1 million keywords for desktop or mobile

In this graph you can see the throughout the historic data, available for this
domain (respective the host, directory or URL for detailed-evaluations), with
the amount of rankings for each page shown.

You can activate and deactivate each line by checking the to the left of each
row in the table below the graph. By hovering the mouse on the graph, the
Toolbox will show you the percentage (or absolute) values for the domain on that
specific week.

Note that the will give you more options for your analysis.

  * Data-set: Visibility data: 1 million keywords for desktop or mobile




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-intent/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-
intent/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-
intent/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-
intent/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-
intent/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-
intent/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-
intent/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/search-
intent/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

What goal does a searcher pursue with their search? The SISTRIX Toolbox can help
you to evaluate keywords against search intentions.

Google itself has subdivided the user’s intention into 4 major areas: . You can
learn more about the background and why the search intention for long-term
successful SEO is so important, from .

The four boxes show an overview of the evaluated search intentions of the
keywords ranking for the chosen domain.

  * : A user with a know query would like to know more about a specific topic.

  * : This is about searchers who are, mostly, looking for a local business on their smartphone.

  * : The website queries are search requests in which the user would like to go to a specific website or page on that website.

  * : The user intention “Do” is about the searcher wanting to do something. Frequently it’s to buy something but sometimes it’s a download, install or other active process.

In this table you’ll find all the ranking keywords found for the domain (or
host, directory, URL) along with an estimation of their search intent.

The four main search intentions, , along with the SEO-relevant sub-search
intention Know Simple, are rated for each keyword on a scale from 0 to 100.
Since some keywords cover more than one search intent, there is no
interdependence – so a keyword can receive high values for both Do and Know.

You can also use the to find the keywords with a specific search intent, or
click on the green button “” to select one of the different filter options
available.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-environment/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
environment/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
environment/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
environment/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
environment/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
environment/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
environment/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
environment/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Google’s search pages no longer consist only of organic results. In this
section, you’ll get an overview of all the different SERP Features and for the
domain (or host, directory, URL) you are evaluating.

The SERP environment shows you which other occur on the search result pages
where a domain already ranks organically, like Featured Snippets, recipe boxes,
image boxes and many others. The SISTRIX Toolbox recognises .

SERP integrations are important in order to understand the search intent behind
the keyword and, more specifically, what the user really wants to see in the
results. With this knowledge, you can create the right type of content and
improve your rankings.

The different SERP integrations are sorted according to how often they appear in
the SERPs for the domain’s ranking keyword. Near the SERP Feature, you’ll see
the for which the domain ranks as a numerical and graphical representation.

Click on the type of SERP integration to see the corresponding keywords in
detail.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-snippets/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/serp-
snippets/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

This table will show you how Google displayed your results within their search
engine result pages. The results can be sorted, filtered and exported.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page, in particular:

  * : The “Expert filter” allows you to create complex filter combinations, which you can also save and load.
  * : The Toolbox offers an extended database for mobile SERPs, which is why this is the default option for the table. Here you can also change the data source between desktop and mobile results.
  * : With this button you can export the displayed table, downloading (filtered) keywords and the data contained in every column. .
  * : Share the page with other Toolbox users. You’ll get a personalised shortlink, active for a few days, that you can share without any limitations.

Finally, the cogwheel icon of the table will let you export the data, or add
them in a dashboard or a report. Here you’ll also find the function “” which
allows you to add more interesting columns to the table.

With the help of our filters, you can easily find problematic Snippets.

How filters work: choose one of the suggested or click on the green button “” to
select one of the 20 different filter options available. You can create complex
filter combinations using the .

The button “” takes you to an interface where you can view differences in title
shown in the SERP between two dates for any domain. (more about this feature
below).

The filter “”, for example, will show you keyword/snippet-combinations where the
title is too long to be shown in full within Google’s results. Google will then
shorten the title with “…”, which might cause important information to be lost.

With the filter “” you will find all results where Google does not show the two
possible rows of text within the text-preview, but decided to use only one. This
is another starting point for your snippet optimisation, in order to gain more
traffic from the same ranking positions.

Thanks to this table you’ll be able to improve your SERP-Snippets, as you can
see exactly how they are displayed in Google’s search results pages.

  * : What did the Google Snippet (made up of title, URL and meta-description) look like in the search results?

  * : Did Google show other search integrations (AdWords, Newsbox, etc.) alongside the organic results?

  * : Average monthly organic traffic for the keyword on Google for the chosen country. 

  * : The intensity of competition (difficulty) of ranking for this keyword, on a scale between 0 and 100. The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

  * : Did the search behaviour for this keyword show a seasonal trend?

This feature allows you to track themade by Google for a domain between two
dates.

As a rule, Google uses the content of the HTML title tag of the page for the
title of the organic hit. However, in Google reserves the right to display a
different title than the content of the title tag. This table shows how Google
have changed the SERP title between two dates. Note: It is not a comparison
between SERP and the title tag. That can be done using

  * : The ranking position for that keyword on the start date.

  * : The ranking position for that keyword on the end date.

  * : Differences in SERP title for the URL. The title as seen in the SERPs on date#1 is marked in red, while in green you can see the title which was seen in the search results on date#2.

  * : Average monthly organic traffic for the keyword on Google for the chosen country. 

  * : The intensity of competition (difficulty) of ranking for this keyword, on a scale between 0 and 100. The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

  * : these three buttons located at the end of every row will help you get more data for the corresponding keyword. The first one is a preview of the result in the Google’s SERPs, including Title and Snippet. The second button is a link to the ranking history of the domain for the keyword. Finally, the third button is a link to detailed keyword SERPs, keyword analysis, history, intent, format and other related information.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-estimation/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-
estimation/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-
estimation/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-
estimation/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-
estimation/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-
estimation/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-
estimation/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/traffic-
estimation/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

Traffic estimation is a feature for for a domain, host, path or URL and it’s
value in terms of paid traffic.

On the basis of the known public data for a domain, we the average and the costs
that would be incurred for the purchase of this traffic via Google Ads.

The traffic estimate is calculated exclusively on the basis of publicly
available data on all websites that have a significant number of Google rankings
in the countries we monitor. The calculation of the estimation follows these
three steps:

  1. We retrieve all where the domain in question currently ranks in the top 100 from the country database. In addition, the associated search volumes of the keywords are fetched.
  2. For these keywords and their respective ranking position, we determine the (CTR) for all ranking keywords.
  3. In third and final step, we add up these values and thus calculate the To calculate the traffic value we use public Google (click price) rates.

The traffic estimate is, as it suggests, an . Much of the data we include can
lead to inaccuracies and deviations, meaning that the final value cannot be
guaranteed correct. The following limits have to be taken into consideration
when using the traffic estimation:

  * The traffic estimation refers only to . This includes classic rankings, as well as Featured Snippets (“SEO-Traffic”), but not vertical integrations like Google News, Video and similar boxes.
  * When estimating traffic, we calculate the **monthly expected organic Google traffic based on the annual average**. This means that the seasonality of the search terms is not reflected, but on an annual average the estimate is in line with expectations.
  * and strong changes in search volume (as happened for specific topics during the Corona Pandemic) are not represented as strongly as the monthly search volumes show, as we use annual averages for the search volume.
  * The level of inaccuracy is higher for pages which gain the , than for pages where many keywords contribute to the traffic. In this case we point out the increased inaccuracy in the traffic estimation.

So much for the main limitations of the traffic estimation in SISTRIX. You
should also take into consideration also the following points:

  * We usually tend to , instead of overestimating it. This means that it’s much more probable that the traffic shown is higher than lower than our estimation. The traffic estimation can therefore be considered conservative.
  * . The main use of the traffic estimation is not checking your own traffic (Google Analytics and are more accurate for this purpose), but estimating the organic traffic of your competitors. The deviation of the estimation for similar pages (comparable keyword environment, comparable size, etc) is also similar. This means that, if you know your exact traffic and your traffic estimation, you can calculate a comparable deviation for your direct SERP-competitors.

Besides the most probable traffic estimation (as an actual traffic indication
calculated every month for the selected Country), we also show a confidence
interval with a lower and upper limit. We have used statistical methods to
determine that 75 percent of all traffic estimates within this confidence
interval correspond to the correct traffic data.

If we see that the traffic estimation doesn’t fall within the confidence
interval, we’ll warn you with a notice above the traffic estimation.

With the traffic estimation you’ll see the number of organic clicks (per month)
that we estimate for the first ten search results for any keyword.

The estimation is based on the individual Click-Through-Rate (CTR) of this
keyword, which is essentially calculated from the number, shape and position of
the different SERP-Features.

The device distribution estimates whether the domain’s traffic comes from
desktop, mobile or tablet devices. This value can help you plan your content and
website optimisation.

The graph shows the number of clicks on the domain being analysed over time. The
estimated number of monthly clicks is displayed. We update the estimate (of
monthly clicks) every week.

In the distribution table you’ll find the average click value received per month
and the costs that would be incurred for the purchase of this traffic via Google
Ads for every directory of the website.

Hover the mouse over the values to see the full range of potential traffic /
value, with a lower and upper limit.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-changes/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/url-
changes/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

When a domain’s ranking URL changes for a keyword, it can indicate that Google
can’t find the best URL for the SERP, causing . The Toolbox includes a URL
Changes feature which shows you the changes contributing to this issue and gives
you detailed information about ranking history for .

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page, in particular:

  * : defines the initial date and the final date to be compared in the table.
  * : the “” allows you to create complex filter combinations, which you can also save and load.
  * : the Toolbox offers an extended database for mobile SERPs, which is why this is the default option for the table. Here you can also change the data source, choosing desktop results.
  * : export the table as a CSV file. To do this you’ll need to use some .
  * : share the page with other Toolbox users. You’ll get a personalised shortlink, active for a few days, that you can share without any limitations.

The filters are placed just above the table and allow you to sort and define the
results.

Open the menu contained in the “” to select one of the following results:

  * : All the domain’s URLs which didn’t rank within the Top-100 results at Date#1 but are now ranking within the Top-100 on Date#2.
  * : All the domain’s URLs which ranked within the Top-100 results at Date#1, but are no longer ranking in the Top-100 on Date#2.

You can use the quick filter “” to see all the results that contain a specific
text. You can also edit the filter to show only the keywords that don’t contain
the specified text.

In this table we help you to identify the rankings of a domain where the best-
ranking URL has changed between two freely definable dates.

  * : ranking position of the first URL (red) for that keyword on the date shown as column header.

  * : ranking position of the second URL (green) for that keyword on the date shown as column header.

  * : Change value between the start and end dates.

  * : URL that was ranking on date #1 and it’s not ranking anymore on date #2.

  * : estimated change in organic clicks for the keyword between the two dates. 

  * : average monthly organic traffic for the keyword on Google for the chosen country. 

  * : competition level for the keyword in the organic Google Index: 0 (low) until 100 (extremely high). The higher this level, the bigger the effort needed to organically rank for the keyword. .

  * : Average click price that you would pay on Google Ads if you want a paid click for this keyword. It’s an average value, so it could vary.

  * : shows the SERPs and other SEO details for that specific keyword.

  * : ranking history for the domain and keyword combination.

To change the dates use the filters placed right above the table.

Finally, the cogwheel icon of the table will let you export the data, or add
them in a dashboard or a report. Here you’ll also find the function “” which
allows you to add more interesting columns to the table.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/urls-and-indexed-pages/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/urls-and-
indexed-pages/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/urls-and-
indexed-pages/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/urls-
and-indexed-pages/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/urls-and-indexed-
pages/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/urls-and-indexed-
pages/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/urls-and-indexed-
pages/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/urls-and-indexed-
pages/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The SISTRIX Toolbox gives you the possibility to analyse a URL exactly as you
would do with a domain, discovering its on Google both for devices. In this post
we’ll show you the different elements of this section.

At the top right corner of the page you’ll find general settings for the whole
page, in particular:

  * : if you don’t choose a date, the Toolbox will show the data for the current week. Thanks to this option you’ll be able to go back in time and find out how the keywords and the rankings of the website developed over the years.
  * : The “Expert filter” allows you to create complex filter combinations, which you can also save and load.
  * : the Toolbox offers an extended database for mobile SERPs, which is why this is the default option for the table.
  * : export the table as a CSV file. To do this you’ll need to use some .
  * : share the page with other Toolbox users. You’ll get a personalised shortlink, active for a few days, that you can share without any limitations.

Finally, the cogwheel icon of the table will let you export the data, or add
them in a dashboard or a report. Here you’ll also find the function “” which
allows you to add more interesting columns to the table.

This table holds the different URLs for which the domain (or the host, directory
or URL) you are evaluating has rankings within the Top-10 and Top-100 results on
Google. Here you’ll also find the best keyword for the respective URL. We
consider the best keyword to be the keyword that generates the most organic
clicks for this URL.

In the column “Share of Visibility” we show you how each URL contributes to the
total visibility of the domain. The value is based on an evaluation of all
ranking keywords in the extended database. By using the extended database we can
provide more information for domains that have a small Visibility Index.

By default, the table is sorted by the share of visibility.

The filters allow you to further refine your list of URLs and eventually
discover features that could be optimized.

Some filters are immediately available on the interface (), while others can be
selected by clicking on the green button ““.

Here’s a quick explanation of every avaliable filter for the URLs:

  * : finds the URLs that contain (or not contain) a text. For example, the quick filter “” lets you quickly find all the URLs with this feature, which is particularly important because Google recommends using hyphens instead of underscores in URLs.

  * : filters the URLs according to a specific number of parameters. Note that URLs which have more than 3 parameters are to avoid, because they are extremely vulnerable for Duplicate Content problems: that’s why we created the quick filter ““.

  * : filters the URLs according to a specific number of directories. Thanks to the quick filter “” you can find those URLs that are deep in the website architecture, which run the risk not to get crawled as often by Google (or at all) as URLs higher up in the structure.

  * : indicates how many Top-100 keywords are also ranking in Google’s first result page. The quick filter ““, for example, shows you all those URLs that are ranking on the first organic page with less than 3% of their Top-100 keywords: you might want to check if you want these URLs in Google’s index.

  * : filters the URLs that contain (or not contain) Session IDs. Note that Session IDs can easily cause Duplicate Content problems, so it could be a good idea to check why your system is providing Session IDs to users and Googlebot.

  * : shows only the URLs which have uppercase characters. It is always better to avoid using uppercase characters in URLs, as upper and lower-case letters are technically different URLs which may get you in trouble when it comes to setting up 301 redirects.

  * : shows the URLs that use (or don’t use) HTTPS protocol: this is particularly useful for those URLs that are still not secure (quick filter: ““).




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-index/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/visibility-
index/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The SISTRIX Visibility Index is a for the of a domain in Google’s search
results. By using the Visibility Index, in can be measured reliably and
transparently.

The Visibility Index is a key-performance-indicator for the visibility of a
domain (respectively the host, directory or URL for detailed-evaluations) in
Google. It is calculated using the – for a representative keyword-set which has
been defined by SISTRIX. The rankings are weighted based on search-traffic and
position per keyword.

  * the change, in percent, to the previous day/week value. (Configurable in settings)

To know more about the Visibility Index please read the following article: ““.

The order of the boxes in this section of the Toolbox may vary according to the
primary index selected in your .

This first box shows the value of the Visibility Index for the analysed website
within the search engine result pages. According to the object of your analysis,
the Toolbox will indicate whether the value refers to a domain, host, directory
or URL. Just below the value you’ll see the date when it has been updated.

To know more about the Visibility Index please read the following article: ““.

Here you can see how much the absolute Visibility Index value has changed from
yesterday to today, from last week to this week or within the last month, and
how much the Visibility gained or lost over previous periods. You can move the
mouse cursor over each value and we will show you both values as well as the
change in percent.

This chart shows the daily development of the visibility index for the analysed
domain (or host, directory, URL).

Hover the mouse on the chart to see the value of the Visibility Index for a
specific date. You can also into a specific date-range by holding the mouse
button down and selecting the range you would like to focus on.

You can also see the ranking keywords for a specific date by clicking on the
corrisponding data point with the of the mouse and selecting “Show keywords for
(domain)”: the Toolbox will automatically take you to the corresponding table.

Note that the cogwheel icon will give you more options to make the Visibility
Index useful in your analyses. For example, you can use it to see the desktop
chart by selecting the option “Switch to desktop”.

  * Data-set: Visibility data: 1 million keywords for desktop and mobile

To know more about the Visibility Index please read the following article: ““.

This box shows you the development history for the SISTRIX Visibility Index for
the organic mobile rankings for the domain.

Also in this case, hover the mouse on the chart to see the value of the
Visibility Index for a specific week. You can zoom into a specific date-range by
holding the mouse button down and selecting the range you would like to focus
on. Please also note the numerous options available through the cogwheel in the
top right hand corner of this box.

In the options, you are able to decide on which event-pins should be shown and
compare the history of up to six domains with each other, among other options.

To know more about the Visibility Index please read the following article: ““.

The Visibility Index rank shows you the position of the most successful domains
for the examined domain. For this purpose, all domains with a measurable
Visibility Index are sorted in descending order every day. .

This box shows you the development history for the SISTRIX Visibility Rank for
this domain. Hover the mouse on the chart to see the value of the Visibility
Index for a specific week.

Based on the filter that you have set up in the keyword table, we will show you
a segmented Visibility Index that only relates to these filtered keywords.

In this case, you can also move your mouse over the graph to see the Visibility
Index value for a specific week. You can select a date range by simply holding
down the mouse button and highlighting it. Please also note the numerous
additional features that are available to you via the cogwheel in the upper
right corner of this box.

In the options, you can decide which event pins should be displayed and compare
the development of up to six domains.




## https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/website-structure/

[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/website-
structure/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/website-
structure/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/website-
structure/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/website-
structure/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/website-
structure/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/website-
structure/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/support/handbook/seo/website-
structure/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The feature called “Website structure” offers more transparency for large
websites. It makes it possible to quickly discover how the structure of a domain
is organised.

Understanding the structure of large, complex websites is often a complex task.
To make this process easier, SISTRIX shows a for all domains.

The feature graphically shows how the are distributed on the domain. Individual
paths can be visualised in detail and expanded by clicking on them.

A maximum of 10 directories are displayed, while the rest is grouped and
partially expandable. Unknown URLs or directories, however, are grouped together
and cannot be expanded.

