# 5 Useful Supply Chain Trends To Look Out For In 2023

Supply chain disruptions will continue to occur in 2023. To better respond to
disruptions and give yourself an edge, consider some supply chain trends in
2023. What useful supply chain management trends will we see? Make sure you can
react quickly and flexibly to the unexpected.There will be disruptions in your
supply chain, that's for sure. Access to critical materials may be disrupted. If
you can handle the disruptions appropriately and manage them efficiently, you're
a winner.You can consider higher safety stock levels, multiple sourcing and
partial re- or nearshoring. To reduce supply chain bottlenecks and other
disruptions, you need smart logistics solutions. You need two things in
particular - the Internet of Things and next-generation robotics. That's how you
can make your supply chain even more resilient. To be agile and resilient, it
will be critical to enable real-time collaboration with all partners across your
enterprise boundary. Gain visibility into every stage of the supply chain to
constantly track all processes and critical data - with digital technology.
Budgets for automation and robotics are capital well spent on handling
repetitive tasks and those that humans can't do. By doing so, you reduce the
error rate, and you can save costs in the medium to long term.You also save
resources that can be used for other important tasks to increase sales.
Therefore, you should rather move from cost reduction to digital transformation.
Increasingly large data sets need to be processed in real time. This requires
even better technologies.As a result, technologies such as machine learning and
artificial intelligence are also coming to the fore in supply chain
management.These technologies can significantly improve your supply chain, and
to keep up with your competitors, you should also invest in these areas. In
conclusion, the trends can be summarized as follows:

  * Shift away from cost reduction to digital transformation and risk and crisis management.
  * More investment in digital technologies that support supply chain organization and efficiency.
  * Strategic processes such as supplier search, management and procure-to-pay in the focus of digitization

Keep an eye on these supply chain trends in 2023 to become even more resilient
and efficient.

[ Developing a physical product is not that easy. Which components need to be
taken into account when brainstorming? Which manufacturer is the right one? Is
it worth realizing the idea […] ](https://assemblean.com/5-useful-supply-chain-
trends-to-look-out-for-in-2023/<https:/assemblean.com/the-start-up-guide-for-
developing-a-physical-product/>)

[ With 3D printing, you can produce prototypes as well as complex plastic and
metal parts in series with a high degree of design freedom. There are a few
3D-printing design […] ](https://assemblean.com/5-useful-supply-chain-trends-to-
look-out-for-in-2023/<https:/assemblean.com/7-3d-printing-design-tips-for-
flawless-parts/>)

[ The state-of-the-art manufacturing techniques CNC-milling and CNC-turning
offer precision, repeatibility and consistency. CNC-milling involves computer-
assisted machines to remove material from a workpiece. CNC turning turns a
workpiece on a turning […] ](https://assemblean.com/5-useful-supply-chain-
trends-to-look-out-for-in-2023/<https:/assemblean.com/9-cnc-design-tips-for-
better-cnc-parts/>)

Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

