With 3D printing, you can produce prototypes as well as complex plastic and
metal parts in series with a high degree of design freedom. There are a few
3D-printing design tips to bear in mind to ensure that your parts can be
manufactured flawlessly.

Size restrictions should be observed, as exceeding these dimensions can lead to
problems during printing. Each 3D-printing process has its own size
restrictions.

With, the for components are with a .

With the process, components with of can be printed. The.

With , components with of can be printed. The for and . In addition, the,
depending on the material.

The maximum dimensions for the process are , however the.

Very small parts can also be printed, but these also have minimum sizes. The e
for hole diameters with a is . For a , the . For embossing and engraving, the
font size should be . The for a thickness of 1 mm and between walls is .

In , components are manufactured layer by layer. If an upper layer is not
adequately supported by subsequent layers, it can. This can occur with , i.e.
horizontal connections between two anchor points. As a solution, you can . Or
you can that you remove during post-processing.

The process is similar. Support structures are also, anchor the part to the
print bed and prevent the part from shifting due to the force of the DMLS
coater. However, can lead to . More favourable alternatives would be the
construction of angles equal to or less than 30° and the use of fillets at
corners.

In 3D-printing, the support structure should be made. It should be shaped in
such a way that as few post-processing steps as possible are required. As there
are few post-processing methods with DLS, supported areas such as elastic
polyurethanes can remain visible.

Support structures in 3D printing are printed from a special, . This makes them
easier to remove after printing, as the part .

For correctly manufactured parts, you should follow 3D-printing design tips on
tolerances. The tolerances , such as the , or . For 3D-printing, the .

In the process, parts are produced with tolerances . As tight tolerances are
associated with , they should . For example, for components that must fit
together with others. Take geometric properties into account, as residual
stresses during printing can lead to unevenness and tolerance deviations. If the
designed component requires a high degree of flatness, DMLS is not the best
choice.

With a , the process can print parts and . These values are .

With , thin layer thicknesses of are applied. are achieved for the and .

The printing of components with holes varies from process to process.

In the process, holes that are too small are usually printed because each
additional layer compresses the circumference of the previous layers. The
reduction in size is proportional to the ratio of hole diameter to nozzle
diameter.

The normally takes the hole reduction into account beforehand. However, this
process is not always accurate. If the accuracy of a hole is important, it can
be drilled after printing.

To ensure that the holes are not closed during printing in 3D printing, they
should be designed with a . If holes are , the .

3D printing allows holes to be printed . However, it is recommended that you and
. If printed holes are necessary, you should use a . This diameter is also
suitable A is . As a further option, you can also .

The high accuracy of printing to be printed. Components require a for mating
parts when assembled after printing.

should have a so that to form a solid. If the is , you should .

In order to prevent individual parts from merging into one body during the
process, and should be designed.

In 3D printing, the for complex assemblies are and . The should have a . This
takes into account friction effects that are not included in most CAD
programmes. To , you should use and .

For embossing & engraving your parts, there are important 3D-printing design
tips you should know. 3D printing is , including text. Engraved features should
be . Embossed features should have a and a .

For the t process, both the of the features should be . A and a are required for
.

You can use the process to . Do not go below the . This during post-processing
and.

In general, the and**face up for engraving in order to achieve the best
resolution.**

During , the to the . This creates a melt that is larger than the diameter of
the laser. As a result, closely spaced features can

It could also that could get stuck between sintered areas.

If you have any further questions about 3D-printing, we will be happy to answer
them. Contact us online or by email and we will work with you to realise a
manufacturable solution.

[ Developing a physical product is not that easy. Which components need to be
taken into account when brainstorming? Which manufacturer is the right one? Is
it worth realizing the idea […] ](https://assemblean.com/7-3d-printing-design-
tips-for-flawless-parts/<https:/assemblean.com/the-start-up-guide-for-
developing-a-physical-product/>)

[ Die casting is a very economical process for the large-scale production of
metallic castings. With die casting, you can produce complicated shapes with
high accuracy, thin wall thicknesses and smooth […]
](https://assemblean.com/7-3d-printing-design-tips-for-flawless-
parts/<https:/assemblean.com/what-are-the-most-important-die-casting-design-
tips/>)

Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

