The state-of-the-art manufacturing techniques CNC-milling and CNC-turning offer
precision, repeatibility and consistency. CNC-milling involves computer-assisted
machines to remove material from a workpiece. CNC turning turns a workpiece on a
turning machine while a cutting tool shapes it. For optimal manufacturing of
your parts, consider some CNC design tips.

For example, if you need a circular shape with milled square holes, as in the
picture, the material around the circle must be cut. This can take a lot of
time.

It is easier to cut the part from a block. This prevents unnecessary material
removal.

Another example of a similar feature is curved holes. If you need this feature,
it is recommended to use electrical discharge machining (EDM) instead.

Some external features are unsuitable for machine production. Therefore, always
consider in your design what machining process is required for a feature.

Pay attention to the accuracy of the required features instead of the external
features. You can use finishing processes afterwards to improve the exterior.

Important CNC design tips concern the part walls. Unavoidable vibrations during
machining can cause walls that are too thin to bend or break.

For metals, the standard for minimum wall thickness is 0.794mm and for plastics
1.5mm.

For better rigidity of the material, the wall thickness and height should be
adjusted. Generally, the higher the wall, the thicker the wall needs to be.
However, the walls should not be too thick either. The rule for wall thickness
is a width to height ratio of 3:1.

If a wall is sloped by 1,2 or 3 degrees, so that it tapers instead of being
vertical, this can make it easier to work with because less excess material is
left behind.

Since cutting tools are mostly cylindrical, it is not possible to create sharp
inner edges. Therefore, you should add a radius to the inside edges to prevent
unnecessary wear on the tool.

The additional radius should be 130% of the radius of the cutting tool. If you
need sharp inside edges, you can add undercuts instead of reducing the radius.

To lighten a part or to accommodate other parts in an assembly, some parts have
right-angled corners or small pockets on the inside corners. However, 90-degree
inside corners and small pockets are usually too small for larger cutting tools.
Therefore, the material must be removed from the corners with smaller and
smaller tools.

Different tools have to be used for this. Such a tool change always increases
the machining time and thus the project costs. Therefore, determine whether you
need the inside pockets to save unnecessary costs.

In addition, too deep inside pockets can lead to problems with the tool. Tools
could get distracted, get stuck or even break. Therefore, the depth should not
exceed 3-4 times the width. If you need greater depths, it is recommended to
design the part with a variable cavity depth.

Extremely small part features make machining difficult and increase costs.
Features smaller than 2.5 mm are difficult to process because most CNC machines
have a minimum tool diameter of 2.5 mm.

This requires special tools, which then increases manufacturing time and costs.

Use standardised drill heads to produce bores quickly and accurately. This means
that no broaches or end mills are needed to bring the hole to specific
dimensions.

It is important to note that steps of 0.1 mm are used for holes up to 10 mm in
diameter and steps of 0.5 mm for larger holes.

Also make sure that the depth of the hole should be four times its diameter. You
can also create deeper holes, i.e. up to ten times the hole diameter, but this
increases the cost.

If you need text on your parts, you can apply it in the finishing process or
engrave it by laser.

Note here that smaller fonts can be expensive. This is due to the small indexing
cutters that work at a slow speed. This increases the machining time and thus
the production costs.

Larger fonts can be milled faster and cheaper. It is also advisable to use
recessed rather than raised lettering, as raised lettering requires material to
be removed.

If you have any further questions regarding the design of CNC turned and milled
parts, please do not hesitate to contact us. We will realise a manufacturable
solution with you and support you throughout the entire production process. You
can request your quote online or by e-mail.

[ Developing a physical product is not that easy. Which components need to be
taken into account when brainstorming? Which manufacturer is the right one? Is
it worth realizing the idea […] ](https://assemblean.com/9-cnc-design-tips-for-
better-cnc-parts/<https:/assemblean.com/the-start-up-guide-for-developing-a-
physical-product/>)

[ Die casting is a very economical process for the large-scale production of
metallic castings. With die casting, you can produce complicated shapes with
high accuracy, thin wall thicknesses and smooth […]
](https://assemblean.com/9-cnc-design-tips-for-better-cnc-
parts/<https:/assemblean.com/what-are-the-most-important-die-casting-design-
tips/>)

[ With 3D printing, you can produce prototypes as well as complex plastic and
metal parts in series with a high degree of design freedom. There are a few
3D-printing design […] ](https://assemblean.com/9-cnc-design-tips-for-better-
cnc-parts/<https:/assemblean.com/7-3d-printing-design-tips-for-flawless-parts/>)

Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

