[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/amazon-with-its-own-
shoppingsearch/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/amazon-with-its-own-
shoppingsearch/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/amazon-with-its-own-
shoppingsearch/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/amazon-with-its-own-
shoppingsearch/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/amazon-with-its-own-
shoppingsearch/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/amazon-with-its-own-
shoppingsearch/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/amazon-with-its-own-
shoppingsearch/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

has an article on how Amazon is developing their own searchtechnology. This new
division, which goes by the name A9, has been fitted with 30 programmers and is
located in Silicon Valley. Amazon plans on both using this technology themselves
as well as licensing it out to other companies. This puts Amazon into direct
competition with Google, which is offering its own E-Commerce-searchtechnology
with Froogle. []

[ Yahoo! has relaunched their shopping-platform. For the categories Electronics,
Baby-products as well as CD’s, they are now comparing prices from different
online-shops. Yahoo might not get close to the results of the large price-
comparison sites, but I am sure they are working on their
database....](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/amazon-with-its-own-
shoppingsearch/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/price-comparison-at-yahoo/>)

[ In the current c’t on page 88, Heise is reporting on the increasing
Googlespam. In this article, heise states that they have banished the Biveroo-
Moloch from the Google-Index....](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/amazon-with-its-
own-shoppingsearch/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/heise-and-the-googlespam/>)

[ www-kr seems to be a new Google-datacenter. It can be found in Dublin, Ireland
and has the IP 66.102.11.100....](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/amazon-with-its-
own-shoppingsearch/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/new-google-datacenter/>)

