[ Developing a physical product is not that easy. Which components need to be
taken into account when brainstorming? Which manufacturer is the right one? Is
it worth realizing the idea […]  ](https://assemblean.com/blog-
en/<https:/assemblean.com/the-start-up-guide-for-developing-a-physical-
product/>) [ Die casting is a very economical process for the large-scale
production of metallic castings. With die casting, you can produce complicated
shapes with high accuracy, thin wall thicknesses and smooth […]
](https://assemblean.com/blog-en/<https:/assemblean.com/what-are-the-most-
important-die-casting-design-tips/>) [ With 3D printing, you can produce
prototypes as well as complex plastic and metal parts in series with a high
degree of design freedom. There are a few 3D-printing design […]
](https://assemblean.com/blog-en/<https:/assemblean.com/7-3d-printing-design-
tips-for-flawless-parts/>) [ The state-of-the-art manufacturing techniques CNC-
milling and CNC-turning offer precision, repeatibility and consistency. CNC-
milling involves computer-assisted machines to remove material from a workpiece.
CNC turning turns a workpiece on a turning […]  ](https://assemblean.com/blog-
en/<https:/assemblean.com/9-cnc-design-tips-for-better-cnc-parts/>) [ When
planning your production, sooner or later you will face the question – Make or
Buy? Should you produce a service or product yourself or buy it from an external
[…]  ](https://assemblean.com/blog-en/<https:/assemblean.com/make-or-buy-
decision/>) [ Injection molding offers the optimal way to scale production.
Primarily suitable for high-volume production, you can adapt the process to your
production needs by selecting the material of the injection […]
](https://assemblean.com/blog-en/<https:/assemblean.com/what-are-the-most-
important-injection-molding-design-tips/>) ## [5 Useful Supply Chain Trends To
Look Out For In 2023 Supply chain disruptions will continue to occur in 2023. To
better respond to disruptions and give yourself an edge, consider some supply
chain trends in 2023. What useful supply chain […]
](https://assemblean.com/blog-en/<https:/assemblean.com/5-useful-supply-chain-
trends-to-look-out-for-in-2023/>) ## [Injection Molding and Die Casting – What
is the difference? The manufacturing processes of injection molding and die
casting are widely used in the production of parts. In order to choose the right
process for your products, you should know […]  ](https://assemblean.com/blog-
en/<https:/assemblean.com/injection-molding-vs-die-casting-what-is-the-
difference/>) [ Assembly process planning can make a big difference in making
production more efficient. Assembly process planning means that a simplified
assembly process is considered in product design. As a result, […]
](https://assemblean.com/blog-en/<https:/assemblean.com/how-can-assembly-
process-planning-improve-production/>)

Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

