  * Various drilling technologies: countersinking, core drilling, deep drilling and tapping, …

We are your competent partner for precise CNC drilled parts and offer numerous
manufacturing options. Thanks to our modern machines and a large global network
of partners, we can manufacture both plastic and metal parts using various
drilling technologies. From individual items such as prototypes or samples to
small series or large quantities - we can produce your drilled parts exactly to
your requirements and quantities. Subsequent quality checks and a wide range of
finishing options ensure that your products are high-quality and durable. Our
ordering process is also extremely straightforward. Simply upload your drawings
or send them by e-mail. You will usually receive your individual quote the very
next day. The delivery time for the manufactured parts is just 14 days,
depending on the quantity and complexity.

  1. Request your quote online or via email. We will review the drawings and technical details of your inquiry.
  2. If desired, we will get back to you with design-for-manuacturing tips. In collaboration with you, we assist in achieving the best manufacturable solution.
  3. As soon as the final design has been determined, we will send you a final quote for your order.
  4. assemblean takes care of the entire manufacturing process, conducts quality control, and delivers the parts to the desired destination.

Customized parts at reasonable prices - We procure all the metals and plastics
you need.

We offer a wide range of surface treatments tailored to your design and
functional requirements.

As your reliable partner, we handle the entire order process: from procurement
and production to the timely delivery of your finished cnc machined parts.

We already verify the dimensional accuracy of the components during the
manufacturing process. Our on-site experts ensure the highest quality standards
through a thorough final inspection of all parts.

Our range of hard and soft materials for CNC drilled parts includes all metals
and plastics. Do you need a specific material that is not listed? We will be
happy to manufacture your parts with your desired material in consultation with
you.

CNC drilling is a manufacturing process in which a component is drilled out of a
solid block of material. “CNC” stands for ‘Computerized Numeric Control’, which
means that the drilling machines are computer-controlled with specific programs.
This allows processes to be carried out with extreme precision and repetition.
Before production starts, the relevant data for the component is fed into the
program for the machine using the CAD drawing. This data usually includes
details such as the speed, feed rate and drilling depth so that the machine can
work precisely. The raw materials, also known as semi-finished products, are
also produced first. These are the materials that are later used in the drilling
machine. In addition, the drilling machine must also be prepared for the
upcoming production. This includes, for example, mounting the workpiece as well
as the clamping devices and drills in the machine. This is followed by the
production process. This involves drilling the planned holes in the workpiece.
Depending on the complexity and properties of the material, several drilling
steps may be necessary, especially if, for example, particularly tight
tolerances and dimensions have to be adhered to. Finally, the components must be
checked for quality and surface finish. In particular, components that have been
drilled are often deburred and finished, including the drilled holes, in order
to ensure high durability and the corresponding functionality.

Choose from the following finishing processes for refinement, strengthening and
protection against corrosion and wear.

* By submitting the form, you agree to the .
Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

