

As an experienced partner for CNC machining, we offer a wide range of
possibilities. Thanks to our own production facilities and an extensive partner
network, we can manufacture a wide range of metal and plastic parts. Whether
small series or large orders - we manufacture CNC parts of any complexity
according to your specifications. We also offer comprehensive post-processing
services to ensure that your components meet your exact requirements. Our
ordering process is extremely straightforward. Simply upload your drawings or
send them by email. You will usually receive your personalized quote the very
next day. The delivery time for the manufactured parts is just 14 days,
depending on the quantity and complexity.

  1. Request your quote online or via email. We will review the drawings and technical details of your inquiry.
  2. If desired, we will get back to you with design-for-manuacturing tips. In collaboration with you, we assist in achieving the best manufacturable solution.
  3. As soon as the final design has been determined, we will send you a final quote for your order.
  4. assemblean takes care of the entire manufacturing process, conducts quality control, and delivers the parts to the desired destination.

Custom-made parts from your preferred material - We source all the metals and
plastics you need.

We offer a wide range of surface treatments tailored to your design and
functional requirements.

As your reliable partner, we handle the entire order process: from procurement
and production to the timely delivery of your finished cnc machined parts.

We already verify the dimensional accuracy of the components during the
manufacturing process. Our on-site experts ensure the highest quality standards
through a thorough final inspection of all parts.

Our range of hard and soft materials for CNC parts includes all metals and
plastics. Do you need a specific material that is not listed? We will be happy
to manufacture your parts with your desired material in consultation with you.

Choose from the following finishing processes for refinement, strengthening and
protection against corrosion and wear.

## What is CNC machining? The basics and how it works

CNC Manufacturing (Computer Numerical Control) is a widely used manufacturing
technology where computer-controlled machines are employed for precise machining
and shaping of materials. This technology is particularly effective for the
production of high-precision parts, as it allows for tight tolerances and
excellent surface quality. CNC machining is also known for its versatility and
can produce parts from a wide range of materials, including metals, plastics,
and composite materials.

* By submitting the form, you agree to the .

