  * Various turning technologies: face turning, longitudinal turning, profile turning, etc. for high-precision parts …

As a competent supplier of CNC turned parts, we stand for precision and
versatility in production. We offer you tailor-made turned parts in our own
production facilities, including state-of-the-art CNC technology, as well as
through a broad network of partners. We are able to draw on a wide range of
materials such as various metals or plastics in order to offer you the best
possible solution. Whether prototype, small series or large orders, we
manufacture according to your requirements and different quantities. We produce
your turned parts in excellent quality thanks to numerous finishing processes
and in-house quality checks. Our ordering process is also extremely
straightforward. Simply upload your drawings or send them by e-mail. You will
usually receive your individual quote the very next day. The delivery time for
the manufactured parts is just 14 days, depending on the quantity and
complexity.

  1. Request your quote online or via email. We will review the drawings and technical details of your inquiry.
  2. If desired, we will get back to you with design-for-manuacturing tips. In collaboration with you, we assist in achieving the best manufacturable solution.
  3. As soon as the final design has been determined, we will send you a final quote for your order.
  4. assemblean takes care of the entire manufacturing process, conducts quality control, and delivers the parts to the desired destination.

Customized parts at reasonable prices - We procure all the metals and plastics
you need.

We offer a wide range of surface treatments tailored to your design and
functional requirements.

As your reliable partner, we handle the entire order process: from procurement
and production to the timely delivery of your finished cnc machined parts.

We already verify the dimensional accuracy of the components during the
manufacturing process. Our on-site experts ensure the highest quality standards
through a thorough final inspection of all parts.

Our range of hard and soft materials for CNC turned parts includes all metals
and plastics. Do you need a specific material that is not listed? We will be
happy to manufacture your parts with your desired material in consultation with
you.

CNC turning describes the process in which rotating workpieces are machined
using a tool that moves along the longitudinal axis of the component. As a
result, the components are rotationally symmetrical and, thanks to the fine
adjustability of the cutting tool, they have a low manufacturing tolerance and
high surface quality. “CNC” stands for ‘Computerized Numeric Control’, which
means that the lathes are computer-controlled with specific programs. This means
that processes can be carried out extremely precisely and repeatedly. Before
production starts, the parts are fed into the program for the machine using the
CAD drawing in order to define precise instructions such as feed rate, cutting
speed or rotational speed. Simple parts can be produced at low cost compared to
milled parts because the machines have lower hourly rates. In addition, internal
and external threads can be cut during turning. Once the turned part has been
produced, CNC turned parts can be easily processed further. Among other things,
the parts can be coated, heat-treated or surface-treated. Common surface post-
treatments include brushing, lapping and glass bead blasting. The parts can be
heat-treated by annealing or nitriding. Anodizing or powder coating are suitable
for coatings.

Choose from the following finishing processes for refinement, strengthening and
protection against corrosion and wear.

* By submitting the form, you agree to the .
Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

