  * Various milling technologies: 3-axis and 5-axis milling, high-speed milling, contours …

As a competent supplier of CNC milled parts, we stand for precision and
versatility in production. We offer customised milled parts in our own
production facilities, including state-of-the-art CNC technology, as well as
through a broad network of partners. We are able to draw on a wide range of
materials such as various metals and plastics to offer you the best possible
solution. Whether prototype, small series or large orders, we manufacture
according to your requirements and different quantities. We produce your milled
parts in excellent quality thanks to numerous finishing processes and in-house
quality checks. Our ordering process is also extremely straightforward. Simply
upload your drawings or send them by e-mail. You will usually receive your
customised quote the very next day. The delivery time for the manufactured parts
is just 14 days, depending on the quantity and complexity.

  1. Request your quote online or by e-mail. We will review the drawings and technical data of your enquiry.
  2. If required, we will get back to you with tips on production-orientated design. We will work with you to help you realise the best manufacturable solution.
  3. As soon as the final design has been finalised, we will send you a final quote for your order.
  4. assemblean takes care of the entire production­process, cares out the quality­control and delivers the parts to the desired destination.

Customised parts at reasonable prices - We procure all the metals and plastics
you need.

We offer a wide range of surface treatments to meet your design and functional
requirements.

As your reliable partner, we take care of the entire order processing: from
procurement and production to the punctual delivery of your finished CNC parts.

We check the dimensional accuracy of the components during production. Our
experts on site ensure the highest quality standards through a thorough final
inspection of all parts.

Our range of hard and soft materials for CNC milled parts includes all metals
and plastics. Do you need a specific material that is not listed? We will be
happy to manufacture your parts with your desired material in consultation with
you.

CNC milled parts are machined from a solid block of material using milling
machines. ‘CNC’ stands for “Computerised Numeric Control”, which means that the
milling machines are computer-controlled with specific programs. This allows
processes to be carried out with extreme precision and repetition. Before
production starts, the parts are fed into the programme for the machine using
the CAD drawing in order to define precise instructions such as feed rate,
cutting speed or rotational speeds. Semi-finished products are also produced
first for production. These are the material that will later be used in the
milling machine. In addition, the CNC machines must also be prepared for the
upcoming production. This includes, for example, clamping the workpiece and the
tools in the machine. This is followed by the production process. The excess
material is removed by the milling machine. Depending on the complexity, several
milling steps or rough and fine machining may be necessary. Finally, the milled
parts must be checked for quality and surface finish. Post-processing is often
carried out, e.g. by polishing the parts, which increases the quality and
durability of the parts.

In addition to the production of your CNC parts, we also offer the following
finishing processes for refinement, strengthening and protection against
corrosion and wear.

* By submitting the form, you agree to the .

