  * : Aluminum, Magnesium, Zinc, Stainless Steel, and more

As your experienced manufacturing partner for die-casting, we provide a
comprehensive service, including tool manufacturing. With a diverse selection of
metals, nearly limitless possibilities unfold. In addition to aluminum,
magnesium and zinc alloys, we also manufacture your parts from materials such as
stainless steel and many others. To ensure that your components precisely meet
your requirements, we offer comprehensive post-processing and finishing. Our
ordering process is straightforward. Simply upload your drawings or send them by
e-mail. Typically, you'll receive your personalized quote as soon as the next
day.

  1. Request your quote online or via email. We will review the drawings and technical details of your inquiry.
  2. If desired, we will get back to you with tips on die-cast-compatible design. In collaboration with you, we assist in achieving the best manufacturable solution.
  3. As soon as the final design has been determined, we will send you a final quote for your order.
  4. assemblean takes care of the entire manufacturing process, conducts quality control, and delivers the parts to the desired destination.

Custom-made parts from your preferred material - We source all the metals and
alloys you need.

We offer a wide range of surface treatments tailored to your design and
functional requirements.

As your reliable partner, we handle the entire order process: from procurement
and production to the timely delivery of your finished die-cast parts.

We already verify the dimensional accuracy of the components during the
manufacturing process. Our on-site experts ensure the highest quality standards
through a thorough final inspection of all parts.

The most commonly used die-casting alloys are based on aluminum, magnesium, or
zinc. However, among the materials available to us are also stainless steel,
brass and silicon tombak. Do you need a specific alloy not listed here? No
problem! We manufacture your parts with your preferred material.

Aluminum offers very high thermal conductivity, high process stability and high
resistance to corrosion and weathering. Aluminum die casting also enables the
production of parts with high complexity and low wall thicknesses. Frequently
used alloys are:

Magnesium alloys have a lower hardness and strength than comparable AI alloys,
with high elongation at break and good castability. Due to their heat
resistance, they are used in the automotive sector, for example in the engine
compartment. Frequently used alloys are:

Zinc alloys are preferred for high-quality, dimensionally stable and precise
castings with tight tolerance requirements. The high melting point of zinc makes
it perfect for high-temperature applications. In addition, these alloys are good
conductors of electricity and heat. Often used are:

We also offer the following surface treatments for finishing and wear and
corrosion protection:

Die-casting is a widely used manufacturing process for producing complex metal
parts in large quantities. In this process, molten metal is injected into a mold
to take the desired shape as it cools and solidifies. This casting mold, also
known as a die, consists of two halves that separate from each other after the
casting process. Key considerations in die-casting production include material
selection, precise temperature control and casting pressure. After
solidification, the finished part is removed from the mold. Die-casting enables
the production of highly precise and durable metal parts with tight tolerances.
It is an extremely efficient process widely used in various industries with
specific demands such as the demanding automotive industry.

[Injection Molding and Die Casting – What is the
difference?](https://assemblean.com/die-
casting/<https:/assemblean.com/injection-molding-vs-die-casting-what-is-the-
difference/>)

* By submitting the form, you agree to the .
Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

