[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/dns-highjacking-at-
google/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/dns-highjacking-at-
google/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/dns-highjacking-at-
google/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/dns-highjacking-at-
google/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/dns-highjacking-at-
google/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/dns-highjacking-at-
google/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/dns-highjacking-at-
google/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

is reporting that a program has modified the hosts-file for many internet users,
so that queries to the important searchengines like Google and Altavista are
being redirected to the IP 64.191.59.85, which means that the queries will not
reach the intended sites anymore. There are speculations on about the program
using one of the many bugs in Microsoft’s Internet Explorer to spread. At the
moment, it is possible to load and execute any type of file without the user
being able to stop this. []

[ The Wirtschaftswoche is reporting, that Google is planning on not only setting
up selling agencies but also research-offices in Europe and India. The reasoning
behind this being the USA’s restrictive Visa policies. The work-permits for many
important developers are not being extended. To keep these people from leaving
the company, […]...](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/dns-highjacking-at-
google/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/google-research-offices-in-europe-and-
india/>)

[ The Wall Street Journal has an article on how Amazon is developing their own
searchtechnology. This new division, which goes by the name A9, has been fitted
with 30 programmers and is located in Silicon Valley. Amazon plans on both using
this technology themselves as well as licensing it out
[…]...](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/dns-highjacking-at-
google/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/amazon-with-its-own-shoppingsearch/>)

[ Google is going to open an office in Spain, according to an article on
finanzen.net. This will be the fifth European branch besides Germany, Ireland,
France and Italy....](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/dns-highjacking-at-
google/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/google-now-in-spain/>)

