to produce your products, modules or components52% faster and 23% cheaper.

"With assemblean's support, we can better manage the high complexity of our
manufacturing process and relieve internal capacities. They manufacture and
assemble various subassemblies for us flexibly as required."

"assemblean supplies us with mutliple modules and helps us sourcing multiple
components. We were able to significanlty lower our costs with the help of
assemblean and speed up our processes."

"Xiaojun and her team accompanied us from development to production and managed
to complete all steps from sourcing to assembly in three months. Through her
help, we were able to signifificantly shorten our time-to-market."

"assemblean has been supporting us in development for a long time, giving us
feedback on producibility and tips to produce our Twike more economically. They
help us directly in sourcing and producing different modules."

"We had an idea for which we could not find a supplier despite a long search.
assemblean took over everything for us from product development to the finished
product. Thank you for the good and uncomplicated cooperation!"

One partner for the complete production process â€“ for components, modules and
products. From procurement to assembly.

We manage the coordination of producers and processes from the initial enquiry
to the delivery of the finished products, modules or components. With
assemblean, you always receive all offers with just one enquiry, no matter how
complex your components are. Manufacturing, surface processing, component
assembly and logistics from a single source, so that you can focus on your core
business.

We provide support early on during product development and optimize the
development, especially with regard to manufacturability and cost-effectiveness.

We provide support early on during product development and optimize the
development, especially with regard to manufacturability and cost-effectiveness.

We also procure the necessary purchased parts without additional costs for the
assembly / product. For more complex purchased parts, we are happy to take over
the sourcing and thereby additionally optimize the economic efficiency.

We also procure the necessary purchased parts without additional costs for the
assembly / product. For more complex purchased parts, we are happy to take over
the sourcing and thereby additionally optimize the economic efficiency.

Including mechanical manufacturing processes, such as turning, milling,
injection molding, die casting & post-processing, such as painting, coating,
polishing & electronics manufacturing, such as circuit board fabrication,
wiring.

Including mechanical manufacturing processes, such as turning, milling,
injection molding, die casting & post-processing, such as painting, coating,
polishing & electronics manufacturing, such as circuit board fabrication,
wiring.

From manual to semi-automated to fully automated assembly, including joining
techniques such as welding, gluing, riveting, etc., we handle the assembly
process and optimize it on an ongoing basis.

From manual to semi-automated to fully automated assembly, including joining
techniques such as welding, gluing, riveting, etc., we handle the assembly
process and optimize it on an ongoing basis.

Automated quality control directly in the production process and continuous
quality and functionality checks by our experts on site.

Automated quality control directly in the production process and continuous
quality and functionality checks by our experts on site.

We are also happy to take care of all components of logistics, including supply
chain coordination, so that everything is delivered to its destination at the
desired time.

We are also happy to take care of all components of logistics, including supply
chain coordination, so that everything is delivered to its destination at the
desired time.

Reduce dependencies on individual suppliers now! We take care of immediate
rescheduling if problems arise, an intended supplier drops out at short notice
or has to be reordered quickly.

From the first samples to a large series in the blink of an eye? No problem with
us. Simply produce the products as needed to react faster to changes in demand
or customer orders. Starting with a quantity of 1, there are no upper limits.

Full control over the supply chain. The process status and all current
information on the order can be accessed digitally at any time. Full
transparency over partner companies, procurement, process and product costs.

One competent contact who manufactures your product exactly to your requirements
- and at the same time access to a huge value network. We coordinate the entire
supply chain - from procurement to production to delivery.

We pass on the data to our partners only anonymously. We distribute your order
to several partners and guarantee secure data transmission. We can ensure
additional protection by manufacturing e.g. sensitive components in our 3 own
production facilities.

We check the dimensional accuracy of the components early on during production
and offer automated function and quality controls. This enables us to detect
defects at an early stage and take immediate countermeasures. To ensure our
high-quality standards, all components are checked by our experts on site.

  1. Upload your product data and get a quote directly to produce your products through our platform.
  2. We take care of the entire process from manufacturing, production and quality control for you.
  3. You receive your products to bring them on the market.

Directly book our production services now or use our free SCM tool for your own
development

Accelerate your product development, purchasing and production and increase
efficiency in all steps from requirements to delivered product.

Use our free tool to plan your products and make all product data available in
one place for team collaboration. Our online tool helps them to systematically
develop their product - from requirements management to the creation of bills of
materials, management of product data, procurement planning, supplier management
and production. So that your innovation reaches the market faster and
unnecessary costs are avoided.

Manage the individual components of your product and their relationships to each
other intuitively. Easily derive production BOMs, variant BOMs, structural BOMs
or additional types. With the help of our software, you can easily AI-assisted
create, update, manage your BOMs and manage the changes. Our BOM management
helps improve product quality, increase manufacturing efficiency and reduce your
product costs.

Monitor and control production at short notice to ensure your production is
always at its best. Including automatic sequencing with prioritization of
production orders and continuous capacity control to ensure that all production
completion dates are always met. Automatically identify problems and errors in
the production process and implement actions to correct them and prevent
downtime. Use our production control to run your production more efficiently and
that disruptions do not upset you.

Our tool helps you optimize and automate production planning. From predictive
material requirements planning, to automated capacity planning, to distribution
and automated scheduling of your production orders: We take care of maximizing
utilization in the process, minimizing lead times, meeting production completion
dates, and reducing work-in-process inventories - exactly according to your
requirements to ensure that production runs smoothly and with maximum
efficiency.

We help you plan all purchased parts and supplier management so that the
required materials and resources are available in the right quantity and
quality. We use dynamic determination of the need for materials, raw materials,
goods or services and automatic determination of when they are needed. Automatic
evaluation of suppliers in terms of quality, price and reliability to ensure
that the best suppliers are selected. Predictive order planning to ensure they
are placed in time to meet demand, while continuously monitoring budget and
inventory.

If you are still in the development phase and want to plan the individual steps
such as design, procurement or pilot production, we can help you coordinate this
with our SCM software. From requirements to series production, we support you by
giving you the tools to assign responsibilities and tasks to the people or teams
involved and create structure to ensure that all team members know what is
expected of them. You can easily monitor the progress of the project and more
easily identify problems or risks. Use our tool so that your project is
completed on time, on budget and on quality.

We provide them with the tools to enable versioning of your product data. We
automatically generate new product versions when changes are made, giving you
the ability to always have full control over the changes. Capture every change
made to a document or content, including who made the change, when it was made,
and what changes were made. This allows us to enable multiple people to work on
a document or content at the same time without overwriting changes made by
others. Versioning is important to ensure that changes to documents or content
are tracked and managed, and to ensure that different users can access the
relevant versions.

Work together with assemblean to create your product. We enable multiple people
to work on product development at the same time. Record every change to the
product data, including who made the change, when it was made, and what changes
were made. Communication and collaboration tools in the SCM tool ensure that
everyone is on the same page and issues can be resolved quickly, making product
development even more efficient. Collaborative development is important to
ensure that changes to a project or code are tracked and managed by multiple
people, and to ensure that different users can access the relevant versions. We
help them do this.

Approval processes help you get changes to the product or procurements or
documents created by others approved. Tool to review and approve the process,
document or product to ensure it meets the required standards and requirements.
Simultaneous monitoring of the approval process to ensure it is completed within
the specified timeframe. Automatically generate reports and document the release
process to ensure all stakeholders are on the same page. Ensure that decisions
are made by the right people and that the process is transparent and efficient.

Use our software to capture the requirements in a comprehensible and function-
oriented way and implement them directly in your product. Link all requirements
to the product and clearly display the relationships between the requirements
and the elements of the product. Automatically track the degree of fulfillment
and directly modify the components to ensure that all requirements are met. Also
use the software to manage the requirements, i.e. prioritize them according to
their importance and relevance for the product, model them and manage changes to
the requirements during the development process.

We are a spin-off from the Heinz Nixdorf Institute based in Paderborn, Germany.
assemblean is based on over 7 years of joint research on supply chain management
and production control. Our team is constantly working to provide you with a
platform to better produce your products and bring your innovations to market
faster.

* By submitting the form, you agree to the .

