

As a competent supplier of eroding parts, we stand for precision and
manufacturing. Thanks to our own production facilities, including modern eroding
machines and an extensive partner network, we can offer you customized eroding
parts. Whether small series or large orders - we manufacture eroding parts of
any complexity and dimensions according to your specifications. We also offer
comprehensive post-processing services to ensure that your components meet your
exact requirements. Our ordering process is extremely straightforward. Simply
upload your drawings or send them by e-mail. You will usually receive your
individual quotation the very next day. The delivery time for the manufactured
parts is just 14 days, depending on the quantity and complexity.

  1. Request your quote online or by e-mail. We will review the drawings and technical data of your enquiry.
  2. If required, we will get back to you with tips on production-orientated design. We will work with you to help you realise the best manufacturable solution.
  3. As soon as the final design has been finalised, we will send you a final quote for your order.
  4. assemblean takes care of the entire production­process, cares out the quality­control and delivers the parts to the desired destination.

Customised parts at reasonable prices - We procure all the metals and plastics
you need.

We offer a wide range of surface treatments to meet your design and functional
requirements.

As your reliable partner, we take care of the entire order processing: from
procurement and production to the punctual delivery of your finished CNC parts.

We check the dimensional accuracy of the components during production. Our
experts on site ensure the highest quality standards through a thorough final
inspection of all parts.

Eroding describes a machining method in which material is removed by electrical
discharge. An electrode is brought close to the workpiece to be machined without
touching it. An electric current flows within the narrow gap between the
workpiece and the electrode, generating sparks that remove the material. Before
production, a drawing is required as a template for the laser cutting program.
This loads information on beam intensity, cutting paths, cutting speed and focus
point into the machine. In addition, the erosion parameters for the best
possible processing are set depending on the material. After the cutting
process, the eroded part is inspected for surface quality and dimensional
accuracy. Sometimes post-processing is carried out, such as deburring to remove
sharp edges. Thanks to its precision and narrow cutting widths, eroding is most
commonly used in engine and vehicle construction as well as in the aerospace
industry.

Our range of materials for eroding parts includes all metals. Do you need a
specific material that is not listed? We will be happy to manufacture your parts
with your desired material in consultation with you.

We offer the following finishing processes for refinement, strengthening and
protection against corrosion and wear:

* By submitting the form, you agree to the .

