assemblean is your partner for the entire production process of individual
components and assembled modules and products. With a large production network
behind us, we take care of the coordination of all producers and processes –
from the production of components, to the sourcing of additional components and
assembly, to logistics. This means worry-free management of your entire supply
chain.

Additionally to our production network, we have 3 own production facilities, in
which your product will be produced.

Our orders are manufactured by selected producers in China, Germany and Europe.
Each production partner must meet our high quality requirements to become part
of the network. This is how we ensure that you are guaranteed to receive your
product in the quality you need. Contact us if you have specific requirements
for your country of manufacture.

Yes. Upon request, we will gladly inform you who produced the respective
component. For repeat orders, the parts are preferably produced by the same
partner.

Our production network covers a wide range of manufacturing technologies. Thus,
you can purchase almost everything from the fields of mechanical engineering,
industrial technology, automotive, robotics or even consumer goods through us.
Whether simple components or complete assemblies, subassemblies and products
including the associated standard parts.

We can offer a wide range of manufacturing technologies with our network.
Further information you can find

You can either request your offer through our tool or contact us directly ( or
+49 5251 5452029).

With our tool you can create your complete product after a one-time, free
registration. To do this, you need to upload the CAD data and, for special
requirements, the technical drawings. Afterwards you can request a production
order including all requirements.

### [ In which formats can I send my drawings or models to get an
offer?](https://assemblean.com/faq-2/<#in-which-formats-can-i-send-my-drawings-
or-models-to-get-an-offer>)

For the creation of the offer, we need three-dimensional files. You can choose freely between all common CAD file formats (STEP | STP | SLDRPT | 3DXML | PRT | SAT). For files in the step-format you can see a preview of the uploaded part directly in our tool.
### [ Do I need to upload a technical drawing in addition to the CAD
file?](https://assemblean.com/faq-2/<#do-i-need-to-upload-a-technical-drawing-
in-addition-to-the-cad-file>)

For more complex components or special requirements regarding tolerances,
surface finishing, threads, or fits, we need additional information in a
technical drawing in PDF format. This is the only way we can ensure that we have
all the important information needed for production.

We will send you your offer within 3 working days.

### [ Can I receive a sample of the produced product, before I place the
complete order?](https://assemblean.com/faq-2/<#can-i-receive-a-sample-of-the-
produced-product-before-i-place-the-complete-order>)

Yes, we are happy to produce one or more samples for you before we produce the
complete series. Please feel free to contact us if you want to check a sample
first.

### [ Can you construct a model for me according to my
specifications?](https://assemblean.com/faq-2/<#can-you-construct-a-model-for-
me-according-to-my-specifications>)

Yes. Our actual offer is to provide only production. However, if the request
goes further, we or our partners can also assist in the creation of the complete
product. In any case, our engineers will check your drawings for
manufacturability and give you advice on optimization (Design for Manufacturing
/ DFM feedback) and on the choice of the best manufacturing process.

We place great emphasis on protecting your intellectual property (IP
protection). We are happy to sign a non-disclosure agreement (NDA) with each
customer in advance. Please contact us directly for this at
info@assemblean.com.After you have released your order, your data will be
anonymized and shared only with the respective producer. Especially for multi-
part modules, we usually distribute your order among several partners. In doing
so, we only transfer the data of the corresponding component to the respective
partners, not the complete module. In addition, we offer the possibility to
process your order in one of our 3 own production facilities.

You only pay the quoted price for your production job. The use of our tool and
our services are free of charge.

assemblean is always your sole contact and contractual partner. In case of
short-term supplier failures, we will take care of the complete rescheduling and
further processing of your order. This also applies to complaints.

### [ Can I integrate my existing suppliers into the SCM
tool?](https://assemblean.com/faq-2/<#can-i-integrate-my-existing-suppliers-
into-the-scm-tool>)

Yes. You decide yourself how to set up your supply chain. Besides the
possibility to have your product produced directly through us and our partners,
you can also create and organize existing suppliers in our tool.

Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

