[ Be seen more often - Analyse your strengths, overtake the competition and
improve your website. ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/google-research-offices-in-
europe-and-india/<https:/www.sistrix.com/google/>)

[ Transparency for the world biggest product search engine - Brands, Resellers,
Products and Keywords. ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/google-research-offices-
in-europe-and-india/<https:/www.sistrix.com/amazon/>)

[ Search the biggest influencer platforms - Millions of profiles, data and
helpful search features. ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/google-research-offices-
in-europe-and-india/<https:/www.sistrix.com/content-creator/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/google-research-offices-in-europe-and-
india/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/>)

[ SISTRIX Pro in a day - Learn how to best use SISTRIX for your tasks.
](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/google-research-offices-in-europe-and-
india/<https:/www.sistrix.com/seminar/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/google-research-offices-in-europe-and-
india/<https:/www.sistrix.com/academy/>)

[ ](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/google-research-offices-in-europe-and-
india/<https:/www.sistrix.com/start>)

The is reporting, that Google is planning on not only setting up selling
agencies but also research-offices in Europe and India. The reasoning behind
this being the USA’s restrictive Visa policies. The work-permits for many
important developers are not being extended. To keep these people from leaving
the company, Google looked intensively into setting up development-offices
outside the USA and is going to make a decision on this issue in the near
future.

[ The Wall Street Journal has an article on how Amazon is developing their own
searchtechnology. This new division, which goes by the name A9, has been fitted
with 30 programmers and is located in Silicon Valley. Amazon plans on both using
this technology themselves as well as licensing it out
[…]...](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/google-research-offices-in-europe-and-
india/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/amazon-with-its-own-shoppingsearch/>)

[ Google is going to open an office in Spain, according to an article on
finanzen.net. This will be the fifth European branch besides Germany, Ireland,
France and Italy....](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/google-research-offices-in-
europe-and-india/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/google-now-in-spain/>)

[ Version 2 of the Google Toolbar, which has been available in English for a
while already, is now available in its German translation. New are the Popup-
Blocker that is already known from the English version as well as the ability to
restrict searches by country. [Download
here]...](https://www.sistrix.com/blog/google-research-offices-in-europe-and-
india/<https:/www.sistrix.com/blog/google-toolbar2-in-german/>)

