Assembly process planning can make a big difference in making production more
efficient. Assembly process planning means that a simplified assembly process is
considered in product design. As a result, assembly can improve production and
reduce costs! During assembly, the product goes through a large part of the
value creation process. During product design, not only the functionality of the
product is influenced, but also the assembly sequence and the individual
processes required. In addition, a number of technical and organizational errors
and difficulties can occur during the assembly process, which can complicate the
production process. Therefore, the effort required in assembly is determined
early in the product development process. Finally, the required effort and the
successful control of the assembly process are decisive for the profitability of
the entire production. The most important principle is to prevent unnecessary
assembly operations and enable cost-effective processes. The aim is to design
the subsequent assembly operations in such a way that the product can be
assembled with simple procedures and little equipment. It is always a matter of
finding a compromise between technical and economic aspects. What equipment do I
already have? Existing equipment can justify a technically non-optimal solution
for a process from an economic point of view. In addition, complex products
should be modular. For example, assembly can be divided into pre-assembly and
final assembly. This way, individual complex assembly tasks can be grouped and
divided into individual pre-assembly lines. With a modular product structure and
the shifting of assembly tasks to pre-assembly,...

  * there is a possibility to outsource assembly tasks to subcontractors

So how can assembly process planning improve production? In summary, assembly
process planning helps:

  * reduce production costs - even if they are difficult to predict in the early stages of the design process. You'll see the financial impact when assembly begins.
  * to make the production process as a whole more efficient.

[ Developing a physical product is not that easy. Which components need to be
taken into account when brainstorming? Which manufacturer is the right one? Is
it worth realizing the idea […] ](https://assemblean.com/how-can-assembly-
process-planning-improve-production/<https:/assemblean.com/the-start-up-guide-
for-developing-a-physical-product/>)

[ Die casting is a very economical process for the large-scale production of
metallic castings. With die casting, you can produce complicated shapes with
high accuracy, thin wall thicknesses and smooth […]
](https://assemblean.com/how-can-assembly-process-planning-improve-
production/<https:/assemblean.com/what-are-the-most-important-die-casting-
design-tips/>)

[ With 3D printing, you can produce prototypes as well as complex plastic and
metal parts in series with a high degree of design freedom. There are a few
3D-printing design […] ](https://assemblean.com/how-can-assembly-process-
planning-improve-production/<https:/assemblean.com/7-3d-printing-design-tips-
for-flawless-parts/>)

Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

