# Injection Molding and Die Casting – What is the difference?

The manufacturing processes of injection molding and die casting are widely used
in the production of parts. In order to choose the right process for your
products, you should know the differences between injection molding and die
casting.

One difference between injection molding and die casting is the material used.

Injection molding uses . This is injected into a mold (the injection mold).
There, the material solidifies, takes on the shape of the cavity and is then
ejected from the mold.

is one of the suitable materials. It is one of the most widely used injection
molding plastics, often used for packaging. Polypropylene can be welded and has
very good chemical resistance.

also has good chemical resistance. Along with polypropylene, PE is the most
common plastic and is also used for packaging and films, but is more often used
for pipes or cable insulation. Polyethylene is light, elastic and has high
impact strength. ABS is also convincing due to its high impact strength.

is a low-cost plastic that impresses with its low density and good dimensional
stability. The main areas of application are the manufacturing industry,
electronics applications and vehicle construction.

is a material used in the automotive sector for stable, mechanical parts. It has
a high melting temperature and is wear resistant. It is also used for
applications that require good chemical resistance and high strength.

, you use This is when molten metal is injected into a mold under high pressure.
Alloys based on aluminum, zinc and magnesium can be used for die casting.
Aluminum alloys exhibit good corrosion and chemical resistance, and are
therefore suitable for outdoor die casting and heavy-duty applications. is
particularly suitable for these requirements. In addition, and alloys are also
still widely used.

have lower hardness and strength than comparable AI alloys. These include alloys
such as:

They have high elongation, strength and good castability. Because of their heat
resistance, they are used in the automotive sector, for example in engine
compartments. such as and are preferred for high-quality, dimensionally stable,
accurate castings. Zinc's high melting point makes it ideal for high-temperature
applications. In addition, these alloys are good conductors of electricity and
heat.

Injection molding and die casting also differ in the application purpose.

offers you the . Although the process is suitable for large-scale production,
you can adapt the process to your production needs by choosing the material of
the injection mold. Thus, the process can be .

With , you can produce metal parts . Complicated shapes can be produced with
high precision, thin wall thicknesses and smooth surfaces.

The differences of the two methods summarized are:

  * Material: Injection molding is used for plastic parts and die casting is used for metal parts.
  * Application purpose: Injection molding can be worthwhile from a small series. Die casting is well suited for large series and complicated shapes.

[ Die casting is a very economical process for the large-scale production of
metallic castings. With die casting, you can produce complicated shapes with
high accuracy, thin wall thicknesses and smooth […]
](https://assemblean.com/injection-molding-vs-die-casting-what-is-the-
difference/<https:/assemblean.com/what-are-the-most-important-die-casting-
design-tips/>)

[ With 3D printing, you can produce prototypes as well as complex plastic and
metal parts in series with a high degree of design freedom. There are a few
3D-printing design […] ](https://assemblean.com/injection-molding-vs-die-
casting-what-is-the-difference/<https:/assemblean.com/7-3d-printing-design-tips-
for-flawless-parts/>)

[ The state-of-the-art manufacturing techniques CNC-milling and CNC-turning
offer precision, repeatibility and consistency. CNC-milling involves computer-
assisted machines to remove material from a workpiece. CNC turning turns a
workpiece on a turning […] ](https://assemblean.com/injection-molding-vs-die-
casting-what-is-the-difference/<https:/assemblean.com/9-cnc-design-tips-for-
better-cnc-parts/>)

Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

