When planning your production, sooner or later you will face the question -
Should you produce a service or product yourself or buy it from an external
supplier? In order for you to answer this question, there are some important
factors to consider. Quick procurement is an important consideration when
deciding between or . In-house production may be quicker in case of approval
procedures or long delivery and transport times. However,. One of the most
important points of all is the cost. You should consider, as well as and. At
what price would it be possible to implement your own product? What would it
cost you to equip your team with the necessary knowledge? Also take into
account. You should also . Especially if you want to switch from external to in-
house production. Such a restructuring is usually associated with . Investigate
whether implementation is possible in your own company or whether there is a
shortage of resources. Determine the and . Do you have and the ? If you decide
to buy in, determine whether you have enough capacity for the and of the
purchased product? Or can an external service provider also take care of this?
The purchase of a product or service as well as in-house development have their
own risks. Since you are most familiar with the structures in your own company,
it is usually easier to assess the risks of in-house development. However, there
is a risk that **in-house production will fail due to costs or lack of
resources**. If you work with an external service provider, for example, there
could be a . However, there are service providers who in such cases to ensure
that your products arrive on time. Another crucial point is quality. Define your
quality requirements by creating a and . Is an external service provider more
likely to meet these requirements? Compare purchased and self-developed products
in terms of how they meet your requirements.

The distinction between operational or strategic make-or-buy can be helpful in
the analysis.

considers . This decision occurs when there is a bottleneck of resources. Then
there is the question of what would cost more: buying the service or products
from another supplier or foregoing revenue if they are not bought.

The considers . Outsourcing processes can involve profound restructuring. On the
one hand, outsourcing to another company may affect your team's competencies. On
the other hand, your team can concentrate on the core business.

In general, it is advisable to define a standardised business process for the
make or buy decision. This defines the most important criteria and the decision
can be made in the interest of your company.

[ Developing a physical product is not that easy. Which components need to be
taken into account when brainstorming? Which manufacturer is the right one? Is
it worth realizing the idea […] ](https://assemblean.com/make-or-buy-
decision/<https:/assemblean.com/the-start-up-guide-for-developing-a-physical-
product/>)

[ With 3D printing, you can produce prototypes as well as complex plastic and
metal parts in series with a high degree of design freedom. There are a few
3D-printing design […] ](https://assemblean.com/make-or-buy-
decision/<https:/assemblean.com/7-3d-printing-design-tips-for-flawless-parts/>)

[ The state-of-the-art manufacturing techniques CNC-milling and CNC-turning
offer precision, repeatibility and consistency. CNC-milling involves computer-
assisted machines to remove material from a workpiece. CNC turning turns a
workpiece on a turning […] ](https://assemblean.com/make-or-buy-
decision/<https:/assemblean.com/9-cnc-design-tips-for-better-cnc-parts/>)

Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

