As a manufacturer and expert, assemblean supports you in the production of your
hardware product. With our wide range of services, we offer customized solutions
– from product development support and production to assembly, quality assurance
and shipping. Whether initial prototypes for validation, components in small
series or complex assemblies in mass production – we meet your needs, :

  * Do you have an idea for a new product, but no plan on how to implement it?
  * Do you have a prototype and are wondering how it should best be produced on the way to market maturity and in larger quantities?
  * Do you have a market-ready product but cannot find a company to manufacture it for you?

**We are the perfect partner for anyone who wants to make an own product.**

We help you with the complete design of your product and provide support right
from the development stage - particularly with regard to producibility and cost-
effectiveness in the production process.

One competent contact who manufactures your product exactly to your requirements
- and at the same time access to a huge value network. We coordinate the entire
supply chain - from procurement to production to delivery.

Reduce dependencies on individual suppliers now! We take care of immediate
rescheduling if problems arise, an intended supplier drops out at short notice
or has to be reordered quickly.

No expensive investments in production facilities and personnel are necessary.

From the first samples to a large series in the blink of an eye? No problem with
us. Simply produce the products as needed to react faster to changes in demand
or customer orders. Starting with a quantity of 1, there are no upper limits.

Some of our customers have previously spent years trying to realize their
product. With us, they have gone from semi-finished CAD models to finished
series products in 3 months.

## The guide for : In 5 production steps to the

  1. First of all, it is important for your start-up to think about precise plans for the production project. What are the next steps in your business? How can the production project be financed? And when would you like to sell your first products? assemblean will already support you with this. Thanks to our expertise in production and experience with other start-ups, we can quickly give you an initial assessment and assist you with further planning steps.
  2. Planning the production process is a very important step that significantly influences the efficiency and quality of your physical product. It is essential to have a detailed design in the form of a technical drawing that takes all specifications into account. You send us the technical drawing and we will provide you with individual feedback with suggestions for improvement. We check the drawing in particular for efficient design for production and the necessary properties that are tailored to your requirements and the desired functions of the product. This is followed by the selection of materials with which the product can be optimally produced. Based on the materials, quantity and requirements of the product, a decision is then made on a cost-efficient manufacturing process. Common options in manufacturing technology include processes such as turning, milling, drilling and grinding, which are suitable for components, for example. For other products made of metal or plastic, modern casting processes such as injection molding or die casting, as well as additive manufacturing processes such as 3D printing, are also suitable.
  3. In the third step, we manufacture your product. Once the design of your product has been completed, it is visualized using CAD software. Depending on your requirements, we can either produce a prototype of the product first in order to physically familiarize ourselves with it, or we can produce larger quantities for you directly. Thanks to our own production facilities with automated quality control and a large network of trusted partners, we can guarantee the quality you expect from your product.
  4. If necessary during the manufacture of the product, we also take care of communication and coordination with other suppliers. This can happen, for example, if we have agreed with you on purchased parts that are necessary for production. After production, the product can be improved and embellished with any finishing touches. Whether it is painting, engraving or surface treatment, with us it is possible to design the product according to your wishes.
  5. As soon as the product has been manufactured and, if necessary, modified, it can be delivered to you. We will take your desired destination into account and inform you of the delivery status. Of course, we remain in constant contact with your start-up after production. This includes optimization for further productions as well as service and feedback on completed production and your market launch.

  * You can easily upload your product data to our production platform and send it to us.
  * With our three own production facilities, we are very flexible in production and can even set up individual production lines for you.
  * As a result, we can offer a very wide range of products, from individual components and assemblies to complete products.

The startup WeDart is developing new ways to improve the game of steel darts.
Their system displays the exact hit point of the darts, creates statistics,
guides training games and allows you to play online with other users.

The developed product consists of a camera-supported device on the dartboard and
an app that connects to the WeDart online platform. The system is aimed at
beginners for whom manual scoring is a burden, but above all at ambitious
players who are looking for a way to improve their skills.

WeDart offers simple and inexpensive hardware paired with complex, powerful
software. This gives players the opportunity to improve their game in a targeted
manner. From the very first throw. The integrated online platform will support
an active community with numerous possibilities. In the long term, the system
will make it possible to arrange live training sessions, play against virtual
opponents in the form of an AI and evaluate and broadcast professional matches
in the app, for example.

#### On the way to market maturity - design for manufacturing and component
selection

The collaboration began in September 2022. assemblean supported WeDart from
product development to market launch. The starting point was the first CAD
drawings of the system. At this point, the system and its components fulfilled
the functions, but were difficult to manufacture. In the beginning, we therefore
provided feedback on the design of the production components in order to
optimize them in terms of production and cost-effectiveness. We then worked
closely with WeDart to select the individual purchased parts and their
procurement channels. In doing so, we have already been able to leverage major
cost potential for WeDart.

In the next step, we took over the production of all components. From the
housing by plastic injection molding, to the base plate as a sheet metal
construction, to the surround. We continuously optimized production and
ultimately set up an individual line for assembly so that production runs as
efficiently as possible. The entire process from the product idea to the ramp-up
of production took less than two months. The first systems were delivered to
customers in December, enabling WeDart to keep its promise from the Kickstarter
campaign. At the same time, we have already made the first optimizations to make
the system even more economical for series production. Series production started
in July 2023 and the WeDart system will be available in stores everywhere,
manufactured by assemblean.

No matter where you are right now. We would be happy to talk to you about your
idea and your product. Free of charge and without obligation. Call us directly
or write to us using the form. We will get back to you as soon as possible.

* By submitting the form, you agree to the .
Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

