Developing a physical product is not that easy. Which components need to be
taken into account when brainstorming? Which manufacturer is the right one? Is
it worth realizing the idea of my product?

**_In this start-up guide, you will learn how your start-up can successfully
implement a product idea in just 6 steps and launch a physical product on the
market._**

## The Base: Planning an idea using the product development process

For the initial concept of your physical product, it is important to first
familiarize yourself with the . This usually consists of : Ideation, product
planning, product development, product design, production and finally launch to
market. It is important that you always keep this process in mind in order to
create a structured plan right from the start.

## 1. Brainstorming: These components must be taken into account for an
innovative product idea

Developing an innovative idea for a physical product requires one thing above
all: . The trick is to document the idea in a structured way and not to forget
important components. This can be achieved using brainstorming techniques, for
example. A is also very useful. This can be used to find existing demand and
products and identify possible similarities and differences with your product
idea. The brainstorming of your physical product should also be as diverse as
possible. This means that the product should be critically examined from , both
from a technical point of view with product developers and from a commercial
point of view with experience from marketing and sales.

As soon as you have written a product idea, the planning should now follow. It
is important to allocate tasks and specify the development of an initial
prototype. containing important components and dimensions of the product are
particularly helpful here. Determining the can also help you to get an idea of
the dimensions of the quantity in which your product is to be manufactured
later.

The aforementioned is essential for product development. This makes it possible
to get an idea of the design and user-friendliness with the functions. The
should also be tested in any case, as the right material must be carefully
selected depending on the required stability, surface structure or other
properties. It is particularly helpful to look at different and their . For
example, should it be a plastic part manufactured using ? Or would you prefer a
metal part that is produced using the manufacturing process, for example? If you
need support with these questions, you can contact us directly. We will be happy
to help you with production and material selection.

You can also use the prototype to obtain initial . This allows you to identify
strengths and weaknesses that you can take into account in the subsequent
development of a series product.

Product design is the final. This is where the development of the product should
be completed. This includes the development of an accurate production drawing,
including all specifications, and the creation of an optimal production plan.
What materials are ? How can I achieve ? And how can I the product? With our
expertise, you don't have to worry. and not only give you helpful tips for
optimal design and cost efficiency, but we can also customize and manufacture
your product at any time.

## 5. Production: the dream of your physical product comes true

In this step, . The physical product is manufactured in a production facility
with high-quality machines and qualified personnel. You also have the option of
adding all kinds of . Do you want the product to have your company name engraved
on it, for example? Then this wish can easily be fulfilled with a laser. In
addition, the product is checked for defects and other problems in a process at
the production facility. When it arrives, you can be sure that it will exceed
your expectations!

Once production of your product has started, it can be launched on the market.
Here it is crucial to build up a of potential customers and representatives of
your industry in order to draw attention to your product. Of course, it is also
important that you your product sufficiently to generate sales. If you have only
roughly thought it through during product planning, it is now all the more
important to carry out a , the results of which you can use to set up successful
marketing campaigns. As soon as the first products are sold, you need to take a
close look at how they are received by customers. Where is there room for
improvement? What adjustments do we need to consider to make the product even
more attractive? The insights gained can then be incorporated directly into the.

As you can see, extensive product development requires a lot of perseverance and
care to bring the physical product to market. can be a great help to you. We
take over the entire production process and support you at all times - from
development to material selection to production - we make your dream come true!
Find out more about our service .

[ With 3D printing, you can produce prototypes as well as complex plastic and
metal parts in series with a high degree of design freedom. There are a few
3D-printing design […] ](https://assemblean.com/the-start-up-guide-for-
developing-a-physical-product/<https:/assemblean.com/7-3d-printing-design-tips-
for-flawless-parts/>)

[ The state-of-the-art manufacturing techniques CNC-milling and CNC-turning
offer precision, repeatibility and consistency. CNC-milling involves computer-
assisted machines to remove material from a workpiece. CNC turning turns a
workpiece on a turning […] ](https://assemblean.com/the-start-up-guide-for-
developing-a-physical-product/<https:/assemblean.com/9-cnc-design-tips-for-
better-cnc-parts/>)

Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

