Titanium (Ti) belongs to the group of structural metals. It is a high-strength
metal that is characterized by a light silver color. Titanium is characterized
by its exceptional corrosion resistance and high strength. Titanium is usually
extracted from the ore using the Kroll process.

Titanium is divided into two main groups: Pure titanium and titanium alloys.
Pure titanium is divided into four grades, which differ primarily in terms of
their mechanical properties such as strength. In the case of titanium alloys,
grade 5 is particularly widespread, which impresses with its particularly high
corrosion resistance due to the addition of aluminum and vanadium, for example.

Due to its special properties such as the good strength-to-density ratio,
corrosion resistance and biocompatibility, titanium is used in many industries,
e.g. in chemical applications as well as in medicine and aerospace. Find out
more about the types of titanium and their properties in the following table.

The grade 1 material is a pure titanium and has numerous impressive mechanical
properties. It has very good cold formability and optimum strength, particularly
in relation to its density. In addition, EN 3.7025 is weldable and offers
excellent ductility. Titanium grade 1 is the softest of all titanium grades. As
a result, it has a lower load-bearing capacity compared to the other grades, but
is highly resistant to corrosion. EN 3.7025 is particularly suitable for
linings, as well as for applications that come into contact with difficult
weather conditions or seawater.  
---  
Titanium grade 2 has similar properties to grade 1. It has an excellent strength
to ductility ratio and very good corrosion resistance. EN 3.7035 is very
resistant to seawater and can therefore be used in a wide range of industries.
Possible applications include use in the manufacture of sheets, discs or pipes
or in medical and maritime products.  
The pure titanium grade 3 has a higher strength compared to grades 1 and 2, but
the corrosion resistance does not differ. In addition, EN 3.7055 is particularly
resistant in strongly oxidizing and weakly reducing environments. Similar to the
other titanium grades, grade 3 also offers the advantage of low thermal
expansion. This grade is used particularly in aviation or medicine and also in
applications where weight has to be saved, as the grade is characterized by an
excellent strength-to-density ratio. EN 3.7055 is also suitable for products
such as sheets, tubes or wires.  
Titanium grade 4 is the grade with the highest hardness of the four pure
titanium grades. It therefore offers excellent impact resistance and at the same
time easy formability. Like the other titanium grades, EN 3.7065 has a good
strength-to-density ratio. Pure titanium also impresses with its very good
biocompatibility and is highly resistant to corrosion. This makes this titanium
grade particularly practical for use in the chemical and medical industries,  
Grade 5 titanium alloy is the most widely used in the world and is used in many
industries. In contrast to the grades of pure titanium Grade 1 to 4, Grade 5
also contains approx. 6% aluminum and 4% vanadium. EN 3.7165 is hardenable up to
a thickness of 25 mm and has excellent mechanical properties, such as very good
ductility, strength and toughness. In addition, grade 5 has very good corrosion
resistance and is therefore often used in the aerospace and medical industries.
Sheets, tubes or fine components are just some of the versatile product
possibilities.  
Titanium is particularly characterized by the fact that even as pure titanium it
already has a , especially against chlorine and seawater, which can be further
improved with the appropriate alloy. In addition, the is particularly impressive
with a very good balance, which means that a stable product can be manufactured
despite its low weight. This is particularly advantageous in industries such as
aerospace. Another advantage is its , which means that titanium is often used in
the medical and chemical sectors. Furthermore, titanium has a , which means that
it can even be used in environments with high or cold temperatures. Finally,
titanium is also known for its compared to aluminum or copper, which makes it
well suited for thermal insulation.

Compared to other metals such as steel or aluminum, titanium is to procure. This
is due to the fact that the extraction of titanium is significantly more
difficult and energy-intensive. In addition, certain mechanical properties of
titanium are at a disadvantage compared to other metals, such as its tendency to
react with tools. This makes titanium more . Finally, care must be taken to
observe the of titanium, as the material can become brittle at extreme
temperatures and thus lose stability. in direct contact with other metals is
also possible, which is why care must be taken during production.

* By submitting the form, you agree to the .

