  * All processes available: Pure water cutting, abrasive waterjet cutting and micro waterjet cutting

As a reliable partner for waterjet cutting, we offer you various processing
methods. Whether pure, abrasive or micro waterjet cutting - thanks to our own
production facilities and a large network of partners, we always find the best
solution for your requirements. There are no limits when it comes to quantities.
Whether small series or large orders - we process sheet metal of any complexity
and with dimensions according to your specifications. We also offer
comprehensive post-processing to ensure that your components are manufactured
with the highest precision and durability. Our ordering process is
straightforward. Simply upload your drawings or send them by e-mail. You will
usually receive your individual quotation the very next day. The delivery time
for the manufactured parts is just 14 days, depending on the quantity and
complexity.

  1. Request your quote online or by e-mail. We will review the drawings and technical data of your enquiry.
  2. If required, we will get back to you with tips on production-orientated design. We will work with you to help you realise the best manufacturable solution.
  3. As soon as the final design has been finalised, we will send you a final quote for your order.
  4. assemblean takes care of the entire production­process, cares out the quality­control and delivers the parts to the desired destination.

Customised parts at reasonable prices - We procure all the metals and plastics
you need.

We offer a wide range of surface treatments to meet your design and functional
requirements.

As your reliable partner, we take care of the entire order processing: from
procurement and production to the punctual delivery of your finished CNC parts.

We check the dimensional accuracy of the components during production. Our
experts on site ensure the highest quality standards through a thorough final
inspection of all parts.

Do you need a specific alloy that is not listed here? No problem! We will
manufacture your parts with your desired material in consultation with you.

We offer the following finishing processes for refinement, strengthening and
protection against corrosion and wear:

In waterjet cutting, high-pressure water is used to cut various materials. It is
a precise and flexible cutting process. “CNC” in CNC waterjet cutting is the
abbreviation for ‘Computerized Numerical Control’, which means that the machines
work according to predetermined instructions to achieve precise cuts. This
method can be adapted to different applications, from industrial components to
delicate, complex structures, by using different techniques such as pure
waterjet cutting, abrasive waterjet cutting and micro waterjet cutting. The use
of CNC programming ensures that every cut is made with precise detail. This
ensures repeatable accuracy and consistency across production runs.In pure
waterjet cutting, softer materials such as rubber, foam, textiles and specific
plastics are cut with a focused jet of water. This approach is ideal for
applications where accuracy is required but the material does not need the
additional cutting force that abrasives provide. In contrast, abrasive waterjet
cutting often uses garnet sand as the abrasive material in the water stream.
This creates a higher cutting force, which makes it possible to cut harder
materials such as metals, ceramics, stone and composites. Abrasive waterjet
cutting is often used in industries where complex shapes are required in hard
materials, such as the automotive, aerospace and heavy engineering
industries.For incredibly fine cuts on small, complex parts, micro waterjet
cutting is a more specialized and precise version of waterjet technology. In
electronics, medical devices and fine metalwork, this technique is particularly
suitable as it allows extremely narrow cuts and a minimal kerf width, making it
suitable for applications where detail and precision are important. The
combination of CNC control and micro waterjet technology ensures that even the
most delicate parts can be cut with ease, as no heat is involved in the process.
As a rule, the workpieces are checked for quality after cutting. To improve
their durability and surface quality, they can also be post-processed, for
example by polishing. This complex approach makes waterjet cutting a useful
option for various industries, meeting both aesthetic and functional
requirements.

* By submitting the form, you agree to the .

