Injection molding offers the optimal way to scale production. Primarily suitable
for you can adapt the process to your production needs by selecting the material
of the injection mold. Thus, the process can be worthwhile . At first glance, it
all seems quite simple. However, there are injection molding design tips that
you should keep in mind when designing your parts.

Various materials can be used for injection molding, each with different
properties. An important injection molding design tip is to decide which
material meets your requirements.

Suitable materials for injection molding include . Polypropylene is one of the
most commonly used injection molding plastics, often used for packaging. It can
be welded and has very good chemical resistance.

Polyethylene (PE) also has a . Along with polypropylene, PE is the most common
plastic and is also used for packaging and films, but is also used more
frequently for pipes or cable insulation. Polyethylene is light, elastic and has
high impact strength.

ABS is also convincing due to its . With its low density and good dimensional
stability, ABS is a cost-effective plastic. The main areas of application are
the manufacturing industry, electronics applications and vehicle construction.

Nylon (PA) is a material used in the automotive sector for sturdy mechanical
parts. It has a and is . It is also used for applications that require good
chemical resistance and high strength.

Other design tips involve wall thicknesses. Generally, the the walls, the
material is needed and the the cycle time, which can save you money. But walls
should be designed with the desired strength, stiffness and weight of your end
product in mind.

For some applications, thinner walls will suffice. Thinner walls shorten lead
times and of your components. In most cases, a wall thickness of is sufficient,
but there are also recommendations for minimum wall thickness for each material.

To avoid damage to components, wall thicknesses should be kept . This is because
uneven wall thicknesses and cross-sections can lead to cracks. They can also
cause the material to cool unevenly. Consequently, this causes the material to
shrink and shrinkage cavities to form.

If different wall thicknesses are unavoidable, the difference in thickness
should of the nominal thickness. A tool for determining the thickness is the .
Here, the ratio of adjacent circular cross sections in each case should be close
to one.

In addition, uniform transitions between thin and thick walls are recommended.
Thin sections cool faster than thick ones after they are ejected from the
injection mold. Sudden transitions can cause sink marks and deformation.

One of the most important injection molding design tips is to consider radii.
With radii and rounding, you can and weak spots on your parts.

Radii and rounding make parts easier to eject. This is because rounded corners
are less likely to get during ejection than sharp corners.

Sharp corners create that lead to weaknesses and in parts because molten metal
is made to flow through corners or into corners. Radii help smooth out stress at
corners. If more stress is placed on a part, a larger radius should also be
selected.

Also, making parts with sharp corners can be for you. This is because a tool
with sharp corners can only be made with special tools. Sharp corners are mostly
unavoidable only for parting surfaces.

For the size of the roundings, the wall thickness of the parts should also be
taken into account. To avoid material accumulation at transitions between wall
thicknesses, the fillets should meet certain dimensions. For transitions between
the same wall thicknesses, different dimensions should be met than for
transitions between different wall thicknesses.

Another injection molding design tip: Use ribs to strengthen your parts! Ribs
and wedges and and .

Ribs are essential for structural components. It is advisable to add them
instead of increasing wall thickness. This allows you to .

When designing parts, you should consider the dimensions of the ribs. To lower
the casting stress of your parts, the ribs should be thinner than the wall
thickness. The thickness of the ribs depends on the stress at the corresponding
location. But it should the wall thickness.

In addition, with ribs arranged on both sides, an offset is required to prevent
material accumulation and thus shrinkage. It is better to use ribs offset than
centered on one point.

When ribs and walls must meet, cores can be useful. Material buildup can occur
at these points and lead to shrinkage. Cores can at these junctions.

However, cores are and can make molding difficult. Therefore, they should be
avoided whenever possible and open cross sections should be aimed for.

Complicated castings require multiple parting planes or additional cores. Better
design can save division planes and cores.

If cores are necessary, they should be designed . This will keep the cost of
core making low and improve the economy of the process.

Cores should also be stored carefully because the liquid metal gives them a
large large. Make sure that the cores are stored on both sides. This is because
if cores are stored on one side, the core supports contribute to the formation
of pores and defects.

To prevent further damage during part production, there are some injection
molding design tips when designing your parts for casting. Damage or problems
can occur at various points in the molding process. For example, when lifting
out your parts.

Parts can get when lifted out, causing damage. You should therefore provide
lift-out bevels on the outer surfaces of the model, otherwise the lift-out
process cannot take place without damage. With lift-out bevels, you can prevent
damage in this way.

You should also design cross ribs and eyes on your parts so that the models can
be easily lifted out of the mold. Avoid undercuts, as these may require
attachments.

Undercuts and parting lines are important aspects of injection molding design
and have a

undercuts as much as possible. Simply designed molds with straight retraction do
not produce parts with undercuts. This is because the part will then get stuck
during ejection. Undercuts are only possible by changing the mold pitch or
sliding cores in the mold. However, these drive up the mold costs considerably.

Changing the mold pitch or shifting the parting line is a particularly suitable
means for undercuts on the outside of the casting.

At the parting line, both halves of the mold converge. Since the parting line
leaves a visible seam (a flash) on the final product, they should be considered
when designing your product. So it is best to place it where it is . Although
the casting flash can be removed by finishing after casting. However, this
involves additional costs in the manufacturing process.

Screw domes are suitable for inserts, attachment pins or self-tapping screws.
They are moulded into the plastic part.

Domes should not be free-standing but should always be attached to a side wall
with a rib or to the base with a corner stiffener. To avoid visible sink marks
on the outside, the thickness should of the total thickness. For example, if the
outer wall thickness is 3 mm, the ribs should not be thicker than 1.7 mm.

Essential injection molding design tips for part design concern the. Molten
material enters the mould through sprue holes. Therefore, the location and type
of opening must be well considered to avoid loss of quality.

are most commonly used. Film sprues offer very good processing possibilities and
can be enlarged if necessary. Since a film gate is tapered from the sprue, the
smallest point is at the part surface. Therefore, the solidification point is
between the part and the sprue, which means no heat is generated on the surface
of the part. After the film gate has been manually removed, a sprue remains.

In, a sprue is placed in the side of the part or in a bar sprue. The access to
the part is created from the outside in the case of tunnel sprues, but the sprue
residue usually remains small because it is halfway under the part surface. With
bar sprues, however, you must be careful, as an unsightly shadow may remain on
the opposite side of the part due to heat or part thickness. This type of gate
should therefore be used with care on external parts.

are recommended because the sprues produce small amounts of waste. Hot-tip gates
are best for parts that need to be filled evenly from the centre to the outer
edges. This reduces mould shift, as film gates can create unbalanced pressure in
a mould. Hot tip gates are often the best solution visually as they are about
1.3 mm in diameter and can be hidden in a logo or lettering.

The least visually appealing are These have a large diameter that is difficult
to remove and often require a fixture that is removed by milling. Direct taper
gates are used on materials that have a high glass content or on parts where the
centre requires finishing.

Use other sprue openings such as film sprues instead of direct taper gates. If
you have further questions about design hints, we are happy to assist you with
injection moulding. assemblean offers you the complete injection moulding
process with our own foundry and a wide range of materials. Request your quote
online or by email and in exchange with you we will realise a manufacturable
solution.

[ Die casting is a very economical process for the large-scale production of
metallic castings. With die casting, you can produce complicated shapes with
high accuracy, thin wall thicknesses and smooth […]
](https://assemblean.com/what-are-the-most-important-injection-molding-design-
tips/<https:/assemblean.com/what-are-the-most-important-die-casting-design-
tips/>)

[ With 3D printing, you can produce prototypes as well as complex plastic and
metal parts in series with a high degree of design freedom. There are a few
3D-printing design […] ](https://assemblean.com/what-are-the-most-important-
injection-molding-design-tips/<https:/assemblean.com/7-3d-printing-design-tips-
for-flawless-parts/>)

[ The state-of-the-art manufacturing techniques CNC-milling and CNC-turning
offer precision, repeatibility and consistency. CNC-milling involves computer-
assisted machines to remove material from a workpiece. CNC turning turns a
workpiece on a turning […] ](https://assemblean.com/what-are-the-most-important-
injection-molding-design-tips/<https:/assemblean.com/9-cnc-design-tips-for-
better-cnc-parts/>)

Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

