Die casting is a very economical process for the large-scale production of
metallic castings. With die casting, you can produce complicated shapes with
high accuracy, thin wall thicknesses and smooth surfaces that require little
finishing. Efficient die casting production starts with the part design. That's
why there are die casting design tips you should follow.

The first important die casting design note concerns the mould design. The mould
must be able to in the manufacturing process and .

To do this, you should keep in mind during the design that the part can be
easily removed from the mould without damage. Therefore, consider features such
as at the beginning of your part design.

Fillets and radii are other important design features in die casting. They allow
you to and . This affects the strength, durability and appearance of your parts.

  * The size and shape of fillets and radii are application specific, but should not be smaller than 1mm.
  * Be aware of the radius when two surfaces meet, as these can affect the strength of the joint.
  * Use fillets and radii throughout the design to maintain the strength and smoothness of the component.

aligned with the mould opening direction. This will ensure that your part can be
removed from the mould without damage to the surface. Usually they range from ,
but can be greater for more complex parts.

When designing the wall thickness, consider the desired stiffness, strength and
weight of your product. The wall thickness affects the and the that can be
applied to the mould.

The wall thickness is application specific and depends for example on the mould
size, the material used and the production processes.

You can use ribs to and . They also allow you to distribute loads more evenly
and thus . With outside corners you can between surfaces.

The thickness of ribs and outside corners is also application-specific. For
example, are important for .

so that this component does not become too thin. In addition, the spacing
between ribs should be evenly distributed.

Another design tip: to prevent stress accumulation. If outside corners are
necessary, their radius should be as large as possible to reduce stress.

Windows and holes or between two parts. You should consider them when designing
your part so that they do not affect the strength and stability of the final
product.

In most cases, windows are and are or side of the mould. Holes, on the other
hand, can take and .

Windows and holes should be or fluted and In addition, windows and holes on the
side of the mould may require demoulding bevels with larger angles.

Some features are usually only possible after the castings have been cast. This
finishing is an additional process step that and .

If post-machining is necessary, follow these die casting design tips:

  * Try to add as few reworked features as possible to keep costs comparatively low.
  * Design the features to be as simple and accurate as possible.
  * Choose the location of the features so that as little material as possible has to be removed.
  * The tolerances of the features should be realistic and achievable.
  * You can also add reworked features by inserting cores in the design phase. Cores create internal components in the casting by creating holes and other features in the final casting.

One feature that can be machined during finishing is the parting line. This is
the . It is usually at the top or side of the part. The parting line is
important in the design of the die cast part as it is where a will be created .

Make sure the parting line is where it is . Also note the thickness of the line.
This is because when it is removed, while parting lines that are and
imperfections in the final product.

Often there is also . This extra material is called and can be removed during
finishing.

The final step in the casting process is the surface treatment. The type of
treatment depends on the area of application of your end product.

Grade 1 is also called Utility Grade. This surface after casting and this grade
is best .

The 2nd grade is the Functional Grade. It is used and therefore .

Grade 3, also called Commercial Grade, is suitable and custom surface treatment.
It is mainly used

As grade 4 is intended for consumer use, the surface does not have any
disturbing defects. Therefore, this grade is suitable

The 5th grade has a micrometre-precise application of the coating. It is best
suited when the

If you have any further questions about design tips, we will be happy to assist
you with your die-casting production. assemblean offers you the complete die-
casting process with its own foundry and a wide range of materials. Request your
quote online or by email and in consultation with you we will realise a
manufacturable solution.

[ With 3D printing, you can produce prototypes as well as complex plastic and
metal parts in series with a high degree of design freedom. There are a few
3D-printing design […] ](https://assemblean.com/what-are-the-most-important-die-
casting-design-tips/<https:/assemblean.com/7-3d-printing-design-tips-for-
flawless-parts/>)

[ The state-of-the-art manufacturing techniques CNC-milling and CNC-turning
offer precision, repeatibility and consistency. CNC-milling involves computer-
assisted machines to remove material from a workpiece. CNC turning turns a
workpiece on a turning […] ](https://assemblean.com/what-are-the-most-important-
die-casting-design-tips/<https:/assemblean.com/9-cnc-design-tips-for-better-cnc-
parts/>)

Our website uses functional cookies to ensure proper functioning of the site and
tracking cookies to understand how you interact with our website. Tracking
cookies are enabled only after your consent. In our you can specify which
cookies you want to allow. For more information on how we use cookies on this
site read our .

We use cookies to ensure the functionality of our site and to improve your user
experience. You can decide for each category whether to allow or disallow
cookies. For more information about cookies, other sensitive data, and
subsequent changes to cookie settings, please read our .

These cookies are essential for the proper functioning of our website.

Google Tag Manager is a service provided by Google, which simplifies the work
with other tracking and analysis services.  
---  
These cookies allow us to track the behavior of our users on our website. All
collected data is only processed anonymously, so that neither assemblean nor
third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
---  
Google Analytics is a service provided by Google to create statistics about user
behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to distinguish and recognize
users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-related information is stored
for and by the user.  
These cookies allow us to collect information about your usage behavior on our
website, which subpages you visit and which links you click on. All information
collected is collected and processed only in anonymous form, so that neither
assemblean nor third parties can draw conclusions about your person.

LinkedIn Marketing Solutions is a service provided by LinkedIn to create
statistics about user behavior on websites. The service uses cookies to
distinguish and recognize users of the website. For this purpose, campaign-
related information is stored for and by the user.  
---  
Google Ads is a service provided by Google that enables the creation and
placement of ads on the Google Ads networks. In addition, the service provides
tracking tools to generate statistics about user behavior on websites. The
service uses cookies to distinguish website users and identify whether or not
they arrived at the website by clicking on a Google ad. For this purpose,
campaign-related information is stored for and by the user.  
With the SalesViewer® technology of SalesViewer® GmbH, data is collected and
stored for marketing, market research and optimization purposes on the basis of
the legitimate interests of the website operator (Art. 6 para.1 lit.f GDPR). The
collected data is not used to personally identify the user of our website.  
For any queries in relation to our policy on cookies and your choices, please .

